# Market Comparison of The Roadmap: A Retirement Spend-Down Table Application for Insurance Agents and Wealth Management Specialists

**1. Executive Summary**

The landscape of financial planning has become increasingly intricate,
particularly in the realm of retirement. With an aging demographic and
the growing complexity of investment vehicles, tax regulations, and
income sources, insurance agents and wealth management specialists
require robust tools to effectively guide their clients toward secure
financial futures. This report undertakes a comprehensive market
comparison of existing financial planning software solutions against a
new web application, The Roadmap. The Roadmap is specifically designed to
generate a detailed 30+ year retirement spend-down table, incorporating
crucial elements such as tax-qualified and non-tax-qualified assets,
Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs), Social Security Income (SSI), and
passive income streams. The purpose of this analysis is to identify
The Roadmap\'s potential market position, understand the competitive
landscape populated by established players like MoneyGuidePro, eMoney
Advisor, RightCapital, Morningstar Retirement Manager, Financial
Engines, NaviPlan, and WealthTrace, and uncover opportunities for
The Roadmap to offer unique value to its target audience. The findings
suggest that while numerous comprehensive financial planning platforms
exist, The Roadmap\'s specific focus on a detailed, long-term spend-down
table, tailored for the needs of insurance agents and wealth management
specialists in illustrating retirement income sustainability, could
represent a significant differentiator.

**2. Introduction to The Roadmap**

**2.1 Overview of The Roadmap\'s Core Features:**

The Roadmap is a web-based application conceived to address the critical
need for clear and detailed long-term retirement income projections. Its
primary function is to generate a 30+ year retirement spend-down table,
a vital tool for advisors to visually represent a client\'s financial
trajectory throughout their retirement years. This table meticulously
incorporates several key data points that are essential for
comprehensive retirement planning. Firstly, it accounts for
tax-qualified assets, such as 401(k)s and IRAs, recognizing the
importance of their tax implications during the accumulation and
distribution phases of retirement. Secondly, it includes
non-tax-qualified assets, like taxable brokerage accounts, acknowledging
their role in providing financial flexibility and potential tax
management opportunities during retirement. A crucial feature of The Roadmap
is its ability to calculate Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs),
ensuring that advisors can help clients navigate the complex regulations
surrounding withdrawals from tax-advantaged accounts in later
retirement. Furthermore, The Roadmap integrates Social Security Income
(SSI), a foundational component of retirement income for a significant
portion of the population. Finally, the application models passive
income sources, such as rental income and annuities, recognizing the
increasing importance of diversified income streams in achieving
long-term financial security in retirement. Being a web application,
The Roadmap offers accessibility and ease of use for insurance agents and
wealth management specialists, allowing them to integrate it seamlessly
into their existing client interaction and planning processes.

**2.2 Target Audience:**

The Roadmap is specifically designed for two key groups of financial
professionals: insurance agents and wealth management specialists. While
both cater to individuals seeking financial guidance, their approaches
and focuses can differ. Insurance agents often play a crucial role in
helping clients secure their financial future through products like
annuities and life insurance, which can be integral components of a
retirement income plan. For these professionals, a detailed spend-down
table from The Roadmap can facilitate the clear illustration of how
insurance products can integrate into a broader retirement income
strategy, ensuring income sustainability over the long term. Wealth
management specialists, on the other hand, typically focus on investment
management, financial planning, and tax optimization. For them, The Roadmap
provides a powerful tool to project the longevity of a client\'s
investment portfolio, model the impact of different withdrawal
strategies, and demonstrate the interplay between various asset types
and income sources, including SSI and passive income, in a detailed,
year-by-year format. This level of detail is invaluable for crafting and
explaining sophisticated retirement income plans and building client
confidence through transparent long-term projections.

**2.3 Unique Value Proposition:**

The Roadmap\'s unique value proposition lies in its specific focus on
generating a comprehensive and detailed 30+ year retirement spend-down
table that seamlessly integrates all the critical components of
retirement income. While many existing financial planning tools offer
long-term projections and consider various asset types and income
sources, The Roadmap\'s potential strength lies in the granularity and the
specific inclusion of RMDs, SSI, and passive income within a readily
understandable, year-by-year output. This level of detail and
integration, particularly in a table format, could offer a significant
advantage for advisors who need to clearly illustrate income
sustainability and asset depletion over extended retirement periods to
their clients. Furthermore, the web app format ensures accessibility and
ease of use for the target audience of insurance agents and wealth
management specialists, potentially streamlining their workflow and
enhancing their client communication capabilities. By focusing on this
specific output, The Roadmap can position itself as a valuable tool that
either complements more broadly focused financial planning software or
provides a superior solution for advisors whose primary need is a
detailed, long-term retirement income projection.

**3. Competitive Analysis of Existing Financial Planning Products**

**3.1 MoneyGuidePro:**

**3.1.1 Long-Term Retirement Projections:** MoneyGuidePro offers robust
retirement planning features, including the MoneyGuide Planning System,
which is designed for both advisors and clients . The platform includes
a Retirement Cash Flow Chart that visually maps out various goals,
options, surpluses, and potential shortfalls throughout the client\'s
retirement years, based on their plan inputs . This suggests a
capability for long-term projections, and indeed, the software supports
planning for extended periods, with users often planning to ages 90 and
beyond . The ability to copy and modify plans allows for the quick
creation of multiple scenarios, enabling advisors to illustrate
different retirement paths over potentially 30+ year horizons .[  
]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.1.2 Handling of Asset Types:** MoneyGuidePro supports a wide array of asset types, including all standard Employer Retirement Plans (ERPs) and IRAs, representing tax-qualified assets . Additionally, it accommodates tax-deferred, tax-free, and taxable asset types, covering non-tax-qualified holdings . The system also supports Coverdell IRAs and 529 Plans, as well as qualified, tax-deferred, taxable, and tax-free lump sum additions. Advisors can input personal and business assets, selecting whether these should be used to fund retirement goals. The
platform also includes a module for deferred compensation plans and a
robust Stock Options module .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.1.3 Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs):** While MoneyGuidePro
does not explicitly state a dedicated RMD calculation feature in the
provided snippets, it does address the importance of RMD rules within
its tax planning capabilities . The software includes strategies for tax
bracket filling to potentially minimize total tax liability over a
client\'s lifetime, which would necessitate considering RMDs .
Furthermore, MoneyGuidePro offers \"Goal Funding Strategies\" that allow
advisors to show the impact of establishing a 72(t) distribution, which
is often used as an alternative to RMDs in certain situations .[  
]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.1.4 Social Security Income (SSI):** MoneyGuidePro features automatic
calculation of Social Security benefits as a standard component of its
retirement planning module . This ensures that advisors can easily
incorporate this crucial income source into their clients\' long-term
financial projections. The system also allows for adjustments to Social
Security retirement income within \"What If\" scenarios, enabling the
exploration of different claiming strategies .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.1.5 Passive Income:** The platform provides flexibility for
incorporating various other retirement income sources, such as pension,
alimony, rental income, and income from part-time work . These sources
can be considered passive income and can be seamlessly integrated into
the retirement plan projections, offering a comprehensive view of a
client\'s potential income streams in retirement.[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.1.6 Target Audience and Pricing:** MoneyGuidePro is designed to
cater to both financial advisors and their clients, aiming for a system
that is user-friendly for clients while still offering the
sophistication needed by advisors for comprehensive financial planning .
Information regarding the specific pricing model is not readily
available in the provided snippets . However, some reviews suggest that
MoneyGuidePro might employ an \"a la carte\" pricing structure, where
certain features are available at an additional cost .[  
]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.1.7 Strengths and Weaknesses:** MoneyGuidePro\'s strengths lie in
its interactive, goals-based planning approach, which helps clients
define and prioritize their financial objectives . It offers advanced
features like estate planning strategies, detailed cash-flow planning,
and dynamic net worth modeling . The platform also includes robust Monte
Carlo simulations for lifetime income planning and holistic stress
testing to manage long-term expectations . Client interaction is
facilitated through tools like Play Zone®, allowing clients to adjust
controllable plan elements and immediately see the impact . However,
reviews indicate potential weaknesses. MoneyGuidePro has received lower
satisfaction ratings compared to some competitors . Its primarily
goal-based approach might not be ideal for all clients or planning
scenarios . Some users find its reporting clunky and the user interface
less intuitive . There are also mentions of it being slow and clunky
compared to other options . Furthermore, it might offer less detailed
consideration of pre-retirement income and expenses compared to some
other platforms .[   ]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions
.ng-star-inserted _ngcontent-ng-c2427977012=""
hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.2 eMoney Advisor:**

**3.2.1 Long-Term Retirement Projections:** eMoney Advisor provides
strong support for long-term retirement projections. Its Monte Carlo
Analysis tool allows for planning across various possibilities and
eventualities in retirement . The platform also offers a Retirement
Needs Analysis that compares a client\'s current income and capital
resources against expected retirement costs . eMoney includes estimates
on cash flow and projected asset levels at different ages and can model
scenarios over extended periods, potentially exceeding 30 years . The
Retirement Income Tool facilitates the creation of presentations focused
on retirement income, taking into account income, expenses, investments,
and taxes . The platform emphasizes cash flow planning, which is crucial
for detailed year-by-year retirement projections .[  
]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.2.2 Handling of Asset Types:** eMoney Advisor\'s Retirement Income
Tool considers income, expenses, investments, and taxes, indicating
support for a wide range of asset types, including both tax-qualified
and non-tax-qualified . Users can input details of both current
qualified and non-qualified savings, allowing for a comprehensive view
of retirement resources . The platform\'s account aggregation
capabilities further enhance this by bringing together all of a
client\'s financial information in one place .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.2.3 Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs):** While eMoney Advisor
does not have a specific feature explicitly labeled \"RMD Calculator\"
in the provided snippets, its advanced planning capabilities and focus
on tax planning strongly suggest the inclusion of RMD considerations .
The platform supports Roth conversions as a tax planning strategy ,
which is often employed to manage future RMD obligations. The ability to
perform comprehensive tax calculations likely encompasses the impact of
RMDs on a client\'s overall tax liability in retirement.[  
]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.2.4 Social Security Income (SSI):** eMoney Advisor includes robust
features for Social Security analysis. It allows users to input Social
Security benefit amounts using either an \"Estimate from Income\" or the
\"Full Retirement Age Amount\" from the Social Security statement . The
platform automatically calculates spousal benefits where applicable and
enables advisors to compare different claiming strategies using tools
like the Decision Center .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.2.5 Passive Income:** eMoney Advisor\'s robust cash flow planning
capabilities strongly indicate its ability to incorporate various income
sources, including passive income. The Retirement Income Tool allows for
the entry of miscellaneous income flows during retirement , and the
general cash flow planning features can accommodate diverse income
streams like pensions, annuities, and potentially rental income.[  
]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.2.6 Target Audience and Pricing:** eMoney Advisor primarily targets
financial professionals across a wide spectrum of firm sizes, from
individual advisors to large enterprises . Their solutions are designed
to help these professionals serve clients at every career stage . The
pricing structure for eMoney Advisor is not publicly disclosed and is
known to vary based on the unique needs and scale of the organization .
It is generally considered to be more expensive compared to some of its
competitors .[   ]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions
.ng-star-inserted _ngcontent-ng-c2427977012=""
hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.2.7 Strengths and Weaknesses:** eMoney Advisor\'s strengths include
its comprehensive approach to financial planning, encompassing cash flow
planning, goals-based planning, tax and estate planning . It offers a
complete wealth management platform with features like account
aggregation, a client portal, and interactive planning tools like the
Decision Center . The platform is known for its detailed cash flow
engine and advanced planning capabilities . However, some weaknesses
have been noted in reviews. eMoney Advisor is often described as having
a steeper learning curve and a potentially overwhelming interface,
especially for new users . Its pricing is also a consideration, as it
tends to be more costly than some alternatives .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.3 RightCapital:**

**3.3.1 Long-Term Retirement Projections:** RightCapital offers robust
long-term retirement projection capabilities. Its interactive retirement
planning features allow advisors to clearly illustrate multiple
scenarios and stress tests to their clients . The platform supports
projections over a client\'s lifetime, easily extending beyond 30 years
. The Retirement Analysis module is a central tool for viewing a
client\'s probability of success, curating proposed plans, and comparing
them to the current financial situation . RightCapital utilizes Monte
Carlo simulations to provide a comprehensive range of potential outcomes
for retirement plans .[   ]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions
.ng-star-inserted _ngcontent-ng-c2427977012=""
hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.3.2 Handling of Asset Types:** RightCapital enables advisors to
model various financial accounts and inputs, providing a comprehensive
view of a client\'s financial landscape . This includes the ability to
incorporate different asset classes into the financial plan. The
platform\'s \"Snapshot\" page offers a high-level view of the client\'s
overall financial situation, consolidating complex data in an
easy-to-understand format .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.3.3 Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs):** RightCapital offers
tax-efficient strategies, including an interactive Roth conversion tool,
which are highly relevant to planning around Required Minimum
Distributions . This tool allows advisors to easily visualize the impact
of Roth conversions on items such as IRMAA surcharges and taxable Social
Security, aiding in strategic tax planning for retirement income.[  
]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.3.4 Social Security Income (SSI):** RightCapital includes advanced
Social Security optimization tools designed to help clients maximize
their Social Security income . The platform allows for direct comparison
of different filing strategies and can calculate an optimal filing
strategy based on each client\'s specific plan to maximize benefits over
time.[   ]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions
.ng-star-inserted _ngcontent-ng-c2427977012=""
hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.3.5 Passive Income:** RightCapital allows for the input of various
income sources beyond salary, including annuity and pension income
streams . These can effectively represent passive income within a
client\'s financial plan, contributing to the overall retirement income
projections.[   ]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions
.ng-star-inserted _ngcontent-ng-c2427977012=""
hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.3.6 Target Audience and Pricing:** RightCapital primarily targets
financial advisors, providing them with modern features for financial
planning . The company offers a transparent and tiered pricing
structure, with options like Basic, Premium, and Platinum plans
available at different monthly fees per advisor . RightCapital is
generally considered to be more affordable than eMoney Advisor .[  
]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.3.7 Strengths and Weaknesses:** RightCapital\'s strengths include
its user-friendly interface, which is often praised for its
intuitiveness and clean design . It is known for its ease of getting
started, often requiring less time to become proficient compared to more
complex platforms . RightCapital also boasts strong customer support,
frequently receiving high ratings for its responsiveness and helpfulness
. The platform offers interactive and visually appealing outputs, making
it easier for advisors to communicate complex financial information to
their clients . Its tax planning capabilities, particularly the Roth
conversion tool, are also a significant advantage . Some weaknesses
mentioned include potential limitations in the setup and maintenance of
the account aggregation feature and a desire for more flexibility in
showing savings goals .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.4 Morningstar Retirement Manager:**

**3.4.1 Long-Term Retirement Projections:** Morningstar Retirement
Manager is designed to help employees within employer-sponsored
retirement plans prepare for their financial future . It offers
personalized investment strategies and retirement income projections to
help participants get on track to meet their retirement goals . The
platform provides a personalized retirement strategy that includes
retirement goal and retirement income projections, as well as savings
rate and retirement age recommendations, suggesting its capability for
long-term views, often over a 30-year horizon .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.4.2 Handling of Asset Types:** When creating a personalized
retirement strategy, Morningstar Retirement Manager considers retirement
investments both within the employer\'s plan and any outside retirement
accounts that the employee inputs . This holistic approach aims to
provide comprehensive advice based on the individual\'s total retirement
savings picture.[   ]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions
.ng-star-inserted _ngcontent-ng-c2427977012=""
hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.4.3 Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs):** While Morningstar
Retirement Manager emphasizes tax planning as part of a holistic
retirement strategy , the provided snippets do not detail specific
features for calculating or directly managing Required Minimum
Distributions. The focus seems to be more on the accumulation phase and
overall retirement income sufficiency.[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.4.4 Social Security Income (SSI):** The platform provides advice on
when to take Social Security benefits, recognizing it as a major factor
in an employee\'s overall retirement strategy . This guidance helps
employees make informed decisions about their claiming age to
potentially maximize their benefits.[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.4.5 Passive Income:** Morningstar Retirement Manager can provide
advice on annuities or guaranteed lifetime income products if these
options are available within the employee\'s retirement plan . It also
takes into account other income sources that will be used to fund
retirement, such as pensions .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.4.6 Target Audience and Pricing:** The primary target audience for
Morningstar Retirement Manager is employees or participants within
employer-sponsored retirement plans . The service is typically offered
as an employee benefit. For participants who choose the managed accounts
service, there is usually an annual account management fee based on a
percentage of their retirement account assets . There is generally no
direct cost to the plan sponsor for activating the Retirement Manager
program .[   ]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions
.ng-star-inserted _ngcontent-ng-c2427977012=""
hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.4.7 Strengths and Weaknesses:** Strengths of Morningstar Retirement
Manager include its provision of personalized investment strategies,
holistic advice that considers accounts outside the employer\'s plan, an
easy-to-use online interface for participants, and fiduciary support for
plan sponsors . However, it might not be as well-suited for financial
advisors needing comprehensive planning tools for individual clients
outside the context of employer-sponsored plans. Additionally, it offers
less direct control over specific investment choices as it\'s designed
as a managed account service .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.5 Financial Engines (Edelman Financial Engines):**

**3.5.1 Long-Term Retirement Projections:** Financial Engines (now
Edelman Financial Engines) focuses on helping individuals plan for a
successful retirement by providing personalized advice and investment
management . Their services involve reviewing a client\'s assets,
income, and savings to guide them towards their retirement goals .
Financial Engines models both the risk and return potential of each
piece of a client\'s financial plan, indicating its capability for
long-term retirement projections, often over periods of 30 years or more
.[   ]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.5.2 Handling of Asset Types:** Financial Engines provides services
that cover a broad range of asset types, including employer-sponsored
retirement accounts such as 401(k), 457, and 403(b) plans, as well as
individual retirement accounts (IRAs) and taxable accounts . This allows
for a comprehensive view of a client\'s investment portfolio when
developing a retirement plan.[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.5.3 Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs):** Financial Engines
offers forward-looking tax planning services as part of its integrated
wealth management approach . This includes helping clients understand
the tax implications of their financial decisions in retirement, such as
managing withdrawals from tax-deferred accounts before they reach the
age at which Required Minimum Distributions begin .[  
]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.5.4 Social Security Income (SSI):** Financial Engines provides
guidance on Social Security benefits as part of its retirement planning
services . They have also reported finding significant amounts of
additional Social Security benefits for their managed account members,
indicating their focus on optimizing this income source for retirees .
The platform also offers a Social Security Retirement Calculator as a
tool for users .[   ]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions
.ng-star-inserted _ngcontent-ng-c2427977012=""
hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.5.5 Passive Income:** Financial Engines emphasizes building wealth
through saving and investing, which is a key strategy for generating
passive income in retirement . Their retirement income planning
considers various sources of income that retirees may rely on, including
Social Security, employer pensions, and annuities .[  
]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.5.6 Target Audience and Pricing:** Financial Engines serves a wide
range of clients, including employees of companies that offer their
services as a retirement benefit and individual investors seeking wealth
management and financial planning . Their fee structure is typically
based on a percentage of the assets under management (AUM) and can vary
depending on the total assets and the specific services provided .[  
]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.5.7 Strengths and Weaknesses:** Financial Engines\' strengths
include its foundation in independent, fiduciary investment advice, a
lifelong partnership approach to financial planning, and an integrated
strategy that considers various aspects of a client\'s financial life .
They also leverage technology to provide personalized and tax-smart
investment strategies . However, some weaknesses have been noted,
including higher management fees compared to some other advisory
services and mixed reviews from users regarding performance, fees, and
customer service .[   ]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions
.ng-star-inserted _ngcontent-ng-c2427977012=""
hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.6 NaviPlan:**

**3.6.1 Long-Term Retirement Projections:** NaviPlan is renowned for its
in-depth and sophisticated financial planning capabilities, which
include robust long-term retirement projections . The software treats
retirement as a specific financial goal rather than just a period of
time, allowing advisors to identify needs and allocate funds accordingly
. NaviPlan assumes the retirement period extends from the first
client\'s retirement year until the death of the last client in the
plan, clearly supporting projections that can exceed 30 years . The
platform\'s Scenario Manager enables advisors to demonstrate the
financial consequences of various assumptions, such as early retirement
or unexpected longevity .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.6.2 Handling of Asset Types:** NaviPlan can allocate funds towards
retirement goals from all types of accounts entered into the system,
encompassing both tax-qualified and non-tax-qualified assets . The
software monitors clients\' cash flow in retirement, allowing for the
categorization of expenses as fixed or discretionary .[  
]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.6.3 Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs):** NaviPlan offers
advanced tax planning features , which would logically include the
ability to model and consider Required Minimum Distributions within its
detailed tax analysis. While not explicitly detailed as a standalone RMD
calculator in the snippets, the platform\'s focus on precise tax
planning and retirement income modeling suggests this capability is
integrated.[   ]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions
.ng-star-inserted _ngcontent-ng-c2427977012=""
hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.6.4 Social Security Income (SSI):** NaviPlan provides flexibility in
modeling Social Security benefits. Advisors can choose to calculate
benefits based on a formula using the client\'s income or directly enter
benefit amounts from the client\'s Social Security statements . This
allows for accurate integration of Social Security income into the
retirement projections.[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.6.5 Passive Income:** NaviPlan\'s strong cash flow planning features
enable the incorporation of various income sources into retirement
projections, including passive income. Advisors can input retirement
income from sources beyond employment, such as annuities and potentially
rental income, within the cash flow pages .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.6.6 Target Audience and Pricing:** NaviPlan is designed for
financial professionals and firms, including large North American banks
and broker-dealers . The pricing structures for NaviPlan and
MoneyGuidePro are considered comparable and are based on factors such as
the number of users and the level of support .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.6.7 Strengths and Weaknesses:** NaviPlan\'s strengths lie in its
ability to produce in-depth, sophisticated, and precise financial plans
. It offers advanced tax planning, robust cash flow analysis, and the
ability to perform detailed scenario analysis . The platform also allows
for the creation of customized client reports . However, NaviPlan is
often noted for having a steeper learning curve and requiring more data
entry compared to some other financial planning software . Some users
find its interface less user-friendly .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.7 WealthTrace:**

**3.7.1 Long-Term Retirement Projections:** WealthTrace is explicitly
designed to provide accurate financial projections for retirement,
allowing users to take control of their retirement planning . The
software enables users to monitor their investment holdings,
performance, transactions, and fees over the long term, often exceeding
30 years . It offers instant feedback on financial projections as
assumptions like savings rates, retirement dates, and expenses are
changed . WealthTrace also allows users to run powerful scenarios,
including Monte Carlo simulations, to assess the probability of meeting
their retirement goals under various market conditions .[  
]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.7.2 Handling of Asset Types:** WealthTrace takes into account a
comprehensive range of asset types, including taxable, tax-deferred, and
tax-free accounts . Users can link their investment accounts for
automatic daily updates of balances and holdings or manually enter
investments and holdings, ensuring all assets are considered in the
retirement projections .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.7.3 Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs):** The software considers
the rules for Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) when generating its
financial projections, ensuring that these mandatory withdrawals from
tax-advantaged accounts are factored into the retirement income analysis
.[   ]{.button-container .hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.7.4 Social Security Income (SSI):** WealthTrace includes the
capability to estimate Social Security payments and allows users to run
\"what-if\" scenarios on various Social Security assumptions, enabling
them to explore different claiming strategies and their impact on their
overall retirement plan .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}
**3.7.5 Passive Income:** WealthTrace allows users to input various cash
flows beyond regular employment income, such as rental income, annuity
payments, and proceeds from the sale of assets like a home or business .
This functionality enables the modeling of passive income streams as
part of a comprehensive retirement income plan.[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.7.6 Target Audience and Pricing:** WealthTrace offers its retirement
planning software to both financial advisors and individual consumers .
They have a tiered pricing structure with different features available
at the Standard, Individual, Deluxe Individual, and Advisor levels,
catering to a range of needs and budgets .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**3.7.7 Strengths and Weaknesses:** WealthTrace is known for providing
accurate financial projections based on individual investment holdings,
offering a significant advantage over simpler retirement calculators .
It offers powerful scenario analysis, including Monte Carlo simulations,
allowing users to stress-test their retirement plans against various
potential future events . The software is generally considered
relatively easy to use and offers industry-best support from financial
experts . However, some reviews note that it lacks a built-in Social
Security optimization tool that automatically calculates the optimal
claiming age and that its user interface might appear less visually
modern compared to some of its competitors .[   ]{.button-container
.hide-from-message-actions .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c2427977012="" hide-from-message-actions=""}

**5. Comparative Feature Analysis: The Roadmap vs. Competitors**

  --------------------------- ------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------------- -------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ------------------------------ -------------------------------- --------------------------
  **Feature**                 **The Roadmap**   **MoneyGuidePro**              **eMoney Advisor**              **RightCapital**                 **Morningstar Retirement Manager**   **Financial Engines**          **NaviPlan**                     **WealthTrace**
  30+ Year Spend-Down Table   Yes           Likely (via Cash Flow Chart)   Likely (via Cash Flow Report)   Likely (via Cash Flows Module)   Likely (for employees)               Likely (within overall plan)   Likely (via Cash Flow Reports)   Yes (as a core function)
  Tax-Qualified Assets        Yes           Yes                            Yes                             Yes                              Yes                                  Yes                            Yes                              Yes
  Non-Tax-Qualified Assets    Yes           Yes                            Yes                             Yes                              Yes                                  Yes                            Yes                              Yes
  Calculates RMDs             Yes           Likely                         Likely                          Yes                              Likely                               Likely                         Likely                           Yes
  Integrates SSI              Yes           Yes                            Yes                             Yes                              Yes                                  Yes                            Yes                              Yes
  Models Passive Income       Yes           Yes                            Yes                             Yes                              Yes                                  Yes                            Yes                              Yes
  Target Audience             Agents/WM     Advisors/Clients               Financial Professionals         Advisors                         Employees/Plan Sponsors              Employees/Individuals          Professionals                    Advisors/Individuals
  Pricing Model               N/A           Potentially A la Carte         Subscription (Varies)           Subscription                     \% of AUM (for participants)         AUM-based                      Subscription                     Subscription (Tiered)
  --------------------------- ------------- ------------------------------ ------------------------------- -------------------------------- ------------------------------------ ------------------------------ -------------------------------- --------------------------

[]{.mat-mdc-button-persistent-ripple
.mdc-button__ripple}[[[]{.export-sheets-icon
_ngcontent-ng-c460933578=""}[Export to
Sheets]{_ngcontent-ng-c460933578=""}]{.export-sheets-button
.table-formatting
_ngcontent-ng-c460933578=""}]{.mdc-button__label}[]{.mat-focus-indicator}[]{.mat-mdc-button-touch-target}

**6. Market Positioning and Strategic Recommendations**

**6.1 Identifying The Roadmap\'s Niche:** The Roadmap\'s most promising niche
lies in its dedicated focus on providing a highly detailed and
user-friendly 30+ year retirement spend-down table. This specific
functionality, tailored for the needs of insurance agents and wealth
management specialists, aims to simplify the complex process of
illustrating long-term retirement income sustainability for their
clients. While many competitors offer comprehensive financial planning
features, The Roadmap\'s core strength is its potential to deliver a clear,
year-by-year projection of income and expenses from various sources,
specifically designed for advisor-client communication.

**6.2 Leveraging The Roadmap\'s Strengths:** To effectively compete in the
market, The Roadmap should emphasize the comprehensive nature of its
spend-down table. Highlighting the seamless integration of tax-qualified
and non-tax-qualified assets, accurate RMD calculations, clear
incorporation of Social Security Income, and the ability to model
various passive income streams in an easily digestible format will be
crucial. Marketing efforts should focus on how this detailed output can
enhance client understanding and build trust through transparent
long-term financial projections. The Roadmap could be positioned as a
specialized tool that either stands alone for advisors primarily focused
on retirement income planning or complements more extensive financial
planning software used for broader financial management.

**6.3 Addressing Potential Weaknesses and Opportunities:** Recognizing
that competitors like eMoney Advisor, RightCapital, and NaviPlan offer a
wider array of features beyond just a spend-down table, The Roadmap could
explore potential integrations with these platforms or other tools
commonly used by insurance agents and wealth management specialists,
such as CRM systems or insurance quoting platforms. Future development
could also focus on incorporating features like goal-based planning or
more advanced investment analysis to broaden its appeal. Continuously
soliciting feedback from the target audience will be essential for
refining the user interface, ensuring it aligns with their specific
workflows, and identifying opportunities to add features that directly
address their needs in illustrating long-term retirement income.

**7. Conclusion**

The financial planning software market is populated by several robust
and comprehensive platforms. However, The Roadmap\'s targeted approach to
generating a detailed 30+ year retirement spend-down table specifically
for insurance agents and wealth management specialists presents a unique
value proposition. While established competitors offer long-term
projections and handle various aspects of retirement income planning,
The Roadmap\'s core strength lies in its potential to deliver this
information in a highly granular, year-by-year format, incorporating all
the essential elements like RMDs, SSI, and passive income. The
opportunity for The Roadmap lies in effectively communicating this
specialized value to its target audience, emphasizing its ability to
enhance client communication and build trust through clear, long-term
retirement income projections. The challenge will be to compete with the
extensive feature sets of established players and ensure that its
focused functionality meets a significant enough need within the market.

[]{.mat-mdc-button-persistent-ripple .mdc-button__ripple}[[Sources used
in the report]{.gds-title-m
_ngcontent-ng-c3135075938=""}]{.mdc-button__label}[]{.mat-focus-indicator}[]{.mat-mdc-button-touch-target}[]{.mat-ripple
.mat-mdc-button-ripple}

[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted _ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.moneyguidepro.com/ii/home/faqs){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Frequently Asked Questions - Envestnet | MoneyGuide - Financial Planning Software, moneyguidepro.com/ii/home/faqs"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneyguidepro.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

moneyguidepro.com

Frequently Asked Questions - Envestnet \| MoneyGuide - Financial
Planning Software

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Planning Software | Financial Planning Software, mywealthtrace.com"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Retirement Planning Software \| Financial Planning Software

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.moneyguidepro.com/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Envestnet | MoneyGuide - Financial Planning Software, moneyguidepro.com"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneyguidepro.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

moneyguidepro.com

Envestnet \| MoneyGuide - Financial Planning Software

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.ifa.com/articles/exploring_right_capital_enhanced_financial_planning_tool){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Exploring Right Capital: An Enhanced Financial Planning Tool | Index Fund Advisors, Inc., ifa.com/articles/exploring_right_capital_enhanced_financial_planning_tool"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ifa.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

ifa.com

Exploring Right Capital: An Enhanced Financial Planning Tool \| Index
Fund Advisors, Inc.

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.moneyguidepro.com/ifa/home/platform){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Platform - Envestnet | MoneyGuide - Financial Planning Software, moneyguidepro.com/ifa/home/platform"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneyguidepro.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

moneyguidepro.com

Platform - Envestnet \| MoneyGuide - Financial Planning Software

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://content.emaplan.com/knowledgebase/plans-%20retirement%20income%20overview.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Plans: Retirement Income Overview - eMoney Advisor, content.emaplan.com/knowledgebase/plans-%20retirement%20income%20overview.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://content.emaplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

content.emaplan.com

Plans: Retirement Income Overview - eMoney Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.rightcapital.com/features/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Modern Features for Today's Financial Advisors - RightCapital, rightcapital.com/features"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

rightcapital.com

Modern Features for Today\'s Financial Advisors - RightCapital

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.moneyguidepro.com/ii/home/moneyguidepro){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Financial Planning Software - Envestnet | MoneyGuide, moneyguidepro.com/ii/home/moneyguidepro"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneyguidepro.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

moneyguidepro.com

Financial Planning Software - Envestnet \| MoneyGuide

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://emoneyadvisor.com/faq/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Frequently Asked Questions - eMoney Advisor, emoneyadvisor.com/faq"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Frequently Asked Questions - eMoney Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.rightcapital.com/module-overview/client-portal/retirement/analysis-module){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Analysis - RightCapital Help Center, help.rightcapital.com/module-overview/client-portal/retirement/analysis-module"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Retirement Analysis - RightCapital Help Center

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/all-features){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, WealthTrace Planning Software Features-v2, mywealthtrace.com/all-features"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

WealthTrace Planning Software Features-v2

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://emoneyadvisor.com/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, eMoney Advisor: Home, emoneyadvisor.com"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

eMoney Advisor: Home

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.rightcapital.com/module-overview/client-portal/retirement/retirement){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement - RightCapital Help Center, help.rightcapital.com/module-overview/client-portal/retirement/retirement"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Retirement - RightCapital Help Center

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://online.naviplancentral.com/npsgcusa/web/webapp/help/en/lvl2/Content/pages/ret_goals_objectives.htm){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Objectives, online.naviplancentral.com/npsgcusa/web/webapp/help/en/lvl2/Content/pages/ret_goals_objectives.htm"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://online.naviplancentral.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

online.naviplancentral.com

Retirement Objectives

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://investcloud.com/naviplan-features/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, NaviPlan Features - InvestCloud, investcloud.com/naviplan-features"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://investcloud.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

investcloud.com

NaviPlan Features - InvestCloud

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](http://www.advicentsolutions.net/LearningCenter/NaviPlanCanadaPremium/assets/_fds/np_fixed_exp_needs_ret_cdn.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Fixed Expenses and Fixed Needs in Retirement - NaviPlan, advicentsolutions.net/LearningCenter/NaviPlanCanadaPremium/assets/_fds/np_fixed_exp_needs_ret_cdn.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=http://www.advicentsolutions.net/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

advicentsolutions.net

Fixed Expenses and Fixed Needs in Retirement - NaviPlan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/services/retirement/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Planning Services | Edelman Financial Engines, edelmanfinancialengines.com/services/retirement"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Retirement Planning Services \| Edelman Financial Engines

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://investcloud.com/naviplan/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, NaviPlan Home - InvestCloud, investcloud.com/naviplan"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://investcloud.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

investcloud.com

NaviPlan Home - InvestCloud

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://keymanagementgrp.com/2024/05/21/naviplan-vs-moneyguide-pro/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Naviplan Vs. MoneyGuide Pro - Key Management Group, keymanagementgrp.com/2024/05/21/naviplan-vs-moneyguide-pro"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://keymanagementgrp.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

keymanagementgrp.com

Naviplan Vs. MoneyGuide Pro - Key Management Group

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/services/planning/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Financial Planning Services | Edelman Financial Engines, edelmanfinancialengines.com/services/planning"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Financial Planning Services \| Edelman Financial Engines

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://defcomp.nv.gov/uploadedfiles/defcompnvgov/content/Meetings/MorningstarRetirementManagerFlyerNDCFWD2016.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Morningstar® Retirement ManagerSM Get a Retirement Strategy., defcomp.nv.gov/uploadedfiles/defcompnvgov/content/Meetings/MorningstarRetirementManagerFlyerNDCFWD2016.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://defcomp.nv.gov/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

defcomp.nv.gov

Morningstar® Retirement ManagerSM Get a Retirement Strategy.

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/business/brands/retirement/products/retirement-manager){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Morningstar Retirement Manager, morningstar.com/business/brands/retirement/products/retirement-manager"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar Retirement Manager

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/content/dam/marketing/northamerica/us/Products/Workplace/Morningstar_RM_Participant_FAQ_final.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Morningstar® Retirement ManagerSM Frequently Asked Questions, morningstar.com/content/dam/marketing/northamerica/us/Products/Workplace/Morningstar_RM_Participant_FAQ_final.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar® Retirement ManagerSM Frequently Asked Questions

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/products/retirement-manager?cid=CON_OFF0002&prd=Institutional%20Solutions){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Morningstar Retirement Manager, morningstar.com/products/retirement-manager?cid=CON_OFF0002&prd=Institutional%20Solutions"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar Retirement Manager

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/products/managed-accounts/help-center/nu){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Morningstar Retirement Manager Help Center, morningstar.com/products/managed-accounts/help-center/nu"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar Retirement Manager Help Center

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.rightcapital.com/blog/rightcapital-vs-moneyguidepro-differences/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, 7 Differences Between RightCapital and MoneyGuide in 2024, rightcapital.com/blog/rightcapital-vs-moneyguidepro-differences"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

rightcapital.com

7 Differences Between RightCapital and MoneyGuide in 2024

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.toolsformoney.com/moneyguidepro_financial_planning_software_evaluation.htm){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Review of MoneyGuidePro Financial Plan Software. - Tools for Money, toolsformoney.com/moneyguidepro_financial_planning_software_evaluation.htm"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.toolsformoney.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

toolsformoney.com

Review of MoneyGuidePro Financial Plan Software. - Tools for Money

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.reddit.com/r/CFP/comments/1an67dv/is_money_guide_pro_actually_a_good_tool/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Is Money Guide Pro actually a good tool? : r/CFP - Reddit, reddit.com/r/CFP/comments/1an67dv/is_money_guide_pro_actually_a_good_tool"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

reddit.com

Is Money Guide Pro actually a good tool? : r/CFP - Reddit

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n65GS430guA){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Planning Analysis - Money Guide Pro - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=n65GS430guA"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

Retirement Planning Analysis - Money Guide Pro - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://go.moneyguide.com/l/55042/2020-06-03/jvtgpd){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Tax Planning Strategies for Retirement - MoneyGuidePro, go.moneyguide.com/l/55042/2020-06-03/jvtgpd"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://go.moneyguide.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

go.moneyguide.com

Tax Planning Strategies for Retirement - MoneyGuidePro

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://soundmindinvesting.com/articles/will-your-retirement-nest-egg-last-how-to-use-moneyguidepro-to-find-out){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Will Your Retirement Nest Egg Last? How to Use MoneyGuide to Find Out, soundmindinvesting.com/articles/will-your-retirement-nest-egg-last-how-to-use-moneyguidepro-to-find-out"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://soundmindinvesting.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

soundmindinvesting.com

Will Your Retirement Nest Egg Last? How to Use MoneyGuide to Find Out

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.gwsa.us/money-guide-pro){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, MoneyGuideElite — GWS&A, gwsa.us/money-guide-pro"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.gwsa.us/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

gwsa.us

MoneyGuideElite --- GWS&A

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://emoneyadvisor.com/blog/cash-flow-based-financial-planning-for-all-client-life-stages/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Cash Flow-based Financial Planning for All Client Life Stages - eMoney Advisor, emoneyadvisor.com/blog/cash-flow-based-financial-planning-for-all-client-life-stages"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Cash Flow-based Financial Planning for All Client Life Stages - eMoney
Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.ifa.com/articles/unlocking-emoney-financial-planning-tech-tools){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Exploring eMoney: Enhancing Your Financial Planning Experience, ifa.com/articles/unlocking-emoney-financial-planning-tech-tools"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ifa.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

ifa.com

Exploring eMoney: Enhancing Your Financial Planning Experience

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.deptagency.com/case/transforming-the-future-of-financial-planning/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Featured work: eMoney mobile app design & development - DEPT®, deptagency.com/case/transforming-the-future-of-financial-planning"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.deptagency.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

deptagency.com

Featured work: eMoney mobile app design & development - DEPT®

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.reddit.com/r/CFP/comments/19e1vq5/emoney_planning_question/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Emoney Planning Question : r/CFP - Reddit, reddit.com/r/CFP/comments/19e1vq5/emoney_planning_question"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

reddit.com

Emoney Planning Question : r/CFP - Reddit

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.xyplanningnetwork.com/advisor-blog/choosing-the-right-financial-planning-software-for-your-practice-rightcapital-vs-emoney){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Choosing the Right Financial Planning Software for Your Practice: RightCapital vs. eMoney, xyplanningnetwork.com/advisor-blog/choosing-the-right-financial-planning-software-for-your-practice-rightcapital-vs-emoney"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.xyplanningnetwork.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

xyplanningnetwork.com

Choosing the Right Financial Planning Software for Your Practice:
RightCapital vs. eMoney

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://content.emaplan.com/knowledgebase/plans-%20retirement%20needs%20analysis.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Creating a Retirement Analysis - eMoney Advisor, content.emaplan.com/knowledgebase/plans-%20retirement%20needs%20analysis.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://content.emaplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

content.emaplan.com

Creating a Retirement Analysis - eMoney Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.kitces.com/blog/how-advisors-pay-for-fintech-cost-of-revenue-vs-overhead-vs-clients/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, How Advisors Pay For #FinTech And Why It Matters: Cost Of Revenue Vs Overhead, kitces.com/blog/how-advisors-pay-for-fintech-cost-of-revenue-vs-overhead-vs-clients"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.kitces.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

kitces.com

How Advisors Pay For #FinTech And Why It Matters: Cost Of Revenue Vs
Overhead

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.walkme.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/eMoney.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, eMoney Advisor - WalkMe, walkme.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/eMoney.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.walkme.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

walkme.com

eMoney Advisor - WalkMe

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://blog.emoneyadvisor.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Social-Security-Summary-emX.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, SPOUSAL BENEFITS - New Social Security Features with emX - eMoney Advisor Blog, blog.emoneyadvisor.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Social-Security-Summary-emX.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://blog.emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

blog.emoneyadvisor.com

SPOUSAL BENEFITS - New Social Security Features with emX - eMoney
Advisor Blog

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuK_PX2K1xA){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, eMoney Tip of the Week #6 Inputting Social Security - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=KuK_PX2K1xA"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

eMoney Tip of the Week #6 Inputting Social Security - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7YpaPJXsNE){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, eMoney Tip of the Week #7 Presenting Social Security Options - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=u7YpaPJXsNE"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

eMoney Tip of the Week #7 Presenting Social Security Options - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://emoneyadvisor.com/blog/product_info/advanced-planning-in-emoney/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Most Comprehensive Set of Planning Capabilites - eMoney Advisor, emoneyadvisor.com/blog/product_info/advanced-planning-in-emoney"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Most Comprehensive Set of Planning Capabilites - eMoney Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://emoneyadvisor.com/ebook/the-value-of-cash-flow-planning-across-all-life-stages/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, The Value of Cash Flow Planning Across all Life Stages - eMoney Advisor, emoneyadvisor.com/ebook/the-value-of-cash-flow-planning-across-all-life-stages"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

The Value of Cash Flow Planning Across all Life Stages - eMoney Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://emoneyadvisor.com/blog/5-tax-planning-tips-for-advisors-to-consider-by-year-end/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, 5 Tax Planning Tips for Advisors to Consider by Year-End - eMoney Advisor, emoneyadvisor.com/blog/5-tax-planning-tips-for-advisors-to-consider-by-year-end"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

5 Tax Planning Tips for Advisors to Consider by Year-End - eMoney
Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.getapp.ca/software/2077281/emoney-advisor){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, eMoney Advisor Reviews, Prices & Ratings | GetApp Canada 2025, getapp.ca/software/2077281/emoney-advisor"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.getapp.ca/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

getapp.ca

eMoney Advisor Reviews, Prices & Ratings \| GetApp Canada 2025

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.rightcapital.com/blog/rightcapital-vs-emoney-differences/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, 7 Key Differences Between RightCapital and eMoney in 2024, rightcapital.com/blog/rightcapital-vs-emoney-differences"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

rightcapital.com

7 Key Differences Between RightCapital and eMoney in 2024

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.rightcapital.com/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, RightCapital: Make Financial Planning a Breeze., rightcapital.com"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

rightcapital.com

RightCapital: Make Financial Planning a Breeze.

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52fa-rZYwHI){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Answering the Most Asked Questions on RightCapital's Retirement Analysis - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=52fa-rZYwHI"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

Answering the Most Asked Questions on RightCapital\'s Retirement
Analysis - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.rightcapital.com/data-entry/income){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Income - RightCapital Help Center, help.rightcapital.com/data-entry/income"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Income - RightCapital Help Center

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.cbinsights.com/company/rightcapital){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, RightCapital - Products, Competitors, Financials, Employees, Headquarters Locations, cbinsights.com/company/rightcapital"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.cbinsights.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

cbinsights.com

RightCapital - Products, Competitors, Financials, Employees,
Headquarters Locations

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.softwareadvice.com/erp/rightcapital-profile/#:~:text=RightCapital%20is%20offered%20across%20three,Contact%20RightCapital%20for%20pricing%20details.){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, www.softwareadvice.com, softwareadvice.com/erp/rightcapital-profile/#:~:text=RightCapital%20is%20offered%20across%20three,Contact%20RightCapital%20for%20pricing%20details."}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.softwareadvice.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

softwareadvice.com

www.softwareadvice.com

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://leadiq.com/c/rightcapital/5a1dac312300005c00a16165){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, RightCapital Company Overview, Contact Details & Competitors - LeadIQ, leadiq.com/c/rightcapital/5a1dac312300005c00a16165"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://leadiq.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

leadiq.com

RightCapital Company Overview, Contact Details & Competitors - LeadIQ

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.softwareadvice.com/erp/rightcapital-profile/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, RightCapital Software Reviews, Demo & Pricing - 2025, softwareadvice.com/erp/rightcapital-profile"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.softwareadvice.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

softwareadvice.com

RightCapital Software Reviews, Demo & Pricing - 2025

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.saasworthy.com/product/rightcapital/pricing){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, RightCapital Pricing: Cost and Pricing plans - SaaSworthy, saasworthy.com/product/rightcapital/pricing"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.saasworthy.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

saasworthy.com

RightCapital Pricing: Cost and Pricing plans - SaaSworthy

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.rightcapital.com/pricing/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, RightCapital Pricing – Flexible Options, rightcapital.com/pricing"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

rightcapital.com

RightCapital Pricing -- Flexible Options

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.rightcapital.com/article/23-social-security){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Social Security Retirement Income - RightCapital Help Center, help.rightcapital.com/article/23-social-security"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Social Security Retirement Income - RightCapital Help Center

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.rightcapital.com/blog/case-study-lpl-advisor-retention-rate){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Introducing an Advisor with a 100% Retention Rate with RightCapital Clients, rightcapital.com/blog/case-study-lpl-advisor-retention-rate"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

rightcapital.com

Introducing an Advisor with a 100% Retention Rate with RightCapital
Clients

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZHeCnJygJQ){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Social Security Optimization Module - Training Video - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=7ZHeCnJygJQ"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

Social Security Optimization Module - Training Video - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.rightcapital.com/training-videos/client-portal/social-security-optimization-module){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Social Security Optimization Module - RightCapital Help Center, help.rightcapital.com/training-videos/client-portal/social-security-optimization-module"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Social Security Optimization Module - RightCapital Help Center

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.rightcapital.com/module-overview/client-portal/tax/tax-strategies){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Tax Strategies - RightCapital Help Center, help.rightcapital.com/module-overview/client-portal/tax/tax-strategies"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Tax Strategies - RightCapital Help Center

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.accessnewswire.com/newsroom/en/business-and-professional-services/rightcapital-announces-tax-strategy-module-generating-optimal-tax-922061){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, RightCapital Announces Tax Strategy Module, Generating Optimal Tax-Adjusted Portfolio Values with One-Click - ACCESS Newswire, accessnewswire.com/newsroom/en/business-and-professional-services/rightcapital-announces-tax-strategy-module-generating-optimal-tax-922061"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.accessnewswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

accessnewswire.com

RightCapital Announces Tax Strategy Module, Generating Optimal
Tax-Adjusted Portfolio Values with One-Click - ACCESS Newswire

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.rightcapital.com/data-entry/profile/income/social-security-income){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Social Security Retirement Income - RightCapital Help Center, help.rightcapital.com/data-entry/profile/income/social-security-income"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Social Security Retirement Income - RightCapital Help Center

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.rightcapital.com/data-entry/income/annuity-income){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Annuity Income Stream - RightCapital Help Center, help.rightcapital.com/data-entry/income/annuity-income"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Annuity Income Stream - RightCapital Help Center

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.trustradius.com/products/rightcapital/reviews){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, RightCapital Reviews & Ratings 2025 - TrustRadius, trustradius.com/products/rightcapital/reviews"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.trustradius.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

trustradius.com

RightCapital Reviews & Ratings 2025 - TrustRadius

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/products/retirement-manager){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Morningstar Retirement Manager | Morningstar, morningstar.com/products/retirement-manager"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar Retirement Manager \| Morningstar

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/retirement){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement - Morningstar, morningstar.com/retirement"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Retirement - Morningstar

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/retirement/whats-safe-retirement-spending-rate-2025){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, What's a Safe Retirement Spending Rate for 2025? - Morningstar, morningstar.com/retirement/whats-safe-retirement-spending-rate-2025"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

What\'s a Safe Retirement Spending Rate for 2025? - Morningstar

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://defcomp.nv.gov/uploadedfiles/defcompnvgov/content/Meetings/MorningstarParticipantPresentation5-2017.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Morningstar® Retirement ManagerSM, defcomp.nv.gov/uploadedfiles/defcompnvgov/content/Meetings/MorningstarParticipantPresentation5-2017.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://defcomp.nv.gov/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

defcomp.nv.gov

Morningstar® Retirement ManagerSM

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://mybusiness.ascensus.com/data/uploads/Morningstar%20Retirement%20Manager.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Morningstar® Retirement ManagerSM - Ascensus Financial Professional Website, mybusiness.ascensus.com/data/uploads/Morningstar%20Retirement%20Manager.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://mybusiness.ascensus.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mybusiness.ascensus.com

Morningstar® Retirement ManagerSM - Ascensus Financial Professional
Website

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://smartasset.com/financial-advisor/morningstar-investment-management-review){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Morningstar Investment Management Review | SmartAsset.com, smartasset.com/financial-advisor/morningstar-investment-management-review"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://smartasset.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

smartasset.com

Morningstar Investment Management Review \| SmartAsset.com

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://newsroom.morningstar.com/newsroom/news-archive/press-release-details/2024/Morningstar-Retirement-Launches-New-Morningstar-Model-of-US-Retirement-Outcomes/default.aspx){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Morningstar Retirement Launches New Morningstar Model of US Retirement Outcomes, newsroom.morningstar.com/newsroom/news-archive/press-release-details/2024/Morningstar-Retirement-Launches-New-Morningstar-Model-of-US-Retirement-Outcomes/default.aspx"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://newsroom.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

newsroom.morningstar.com

Morningstar Retirement Launches New Morningstar Model of US Retirement
Outcomes

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/retirement/how-retire-prioritize-tax-planning-retirement){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, How to Retire: Prioritize Tax Planning in Retirement - Morningstar, morningstar.com/retirement/how-retire-prioritize-tax-planning-retirement"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

How to Retire: Prioritize Tax Planning in Retirement - Morningstar

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://iricouncil.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/08/Morningstar-Retirement-Manager-with-Income-Secure-Product-Factsheet-1.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Morningstar Retirement Manager with Income Secure Product Fact Sheet, iricouncil.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/08/Morningstar-Retirement-Manager-with-Income-Secure-Product-Factsheet-1.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://iricouncil.org/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

iricouncil.org

Morningstar Retirement Manager with Income Secure Product Fact Sheet

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://moneywise.com/investing/reviews/morningstar){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Morningstar Review 2024: Perfect for Value Investors | Moneywise, moneywise.com/investing/reviews/morningstar"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://moneywise.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

moneywise.com

Morningstar Review 2024: Perfect for Value Investors \| Moneywise

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/9bbj8k/charles_schwab_401k_managed_through_morningstar/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Charles Schwab 401k managed through Morningstar. Can I trust it? - Reddit, reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/9bbj8k/charles_schwab_401k_managed_through_morningstar"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

reddit.com

Charles Schwab 401k managed through Morningstar. Can I trust it? -
Reddit

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240605549098/en/Edelman-Financial-Engines-Releases-New-Report-Analyzing-20-Years-of-401k-Managed-Account-Data-Innovation-and-Trends){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Edelman Financial Engines Releases New Report Analyzing 20 Years of 401(k) Managed Account Data, Innovation, and Trends - Business Wire, businesswire.com/news/home/20240605549098/en/Edelman-Financial-Engines-Releases-New-Report-Analyzing-20-Years-of-401k-Managed-Account-Data-Innovation-and-Trends"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

businesswire.com

Edelman Financial Engines Releases New Report Analyzing 20 Years of
401(k) Managed Account Data, Innovation, and Trends - Business Wire

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://smartasset.com/financial-advisor/edelman-financial-engines-review){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Edelman Financial Engines Review | SmartAsset.com, smartasset.com/financial-advisor/edelman-financial-engines-review"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://smartasset.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

smartasset.com

Edelman Financial Engines Review \| SmartAsset.com

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.unbiased.com/discover/financial-advice/edelman-financial-engines#:~:text=Edelman%20Financial%20Engines'%20cost%20model,Asset){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, www.unbiased.com, unbiased.com/discover/financial-advice/edelman-financial-engines#:~:text=Edelman%20Financial%20Engines'%20cost%20model,Asset"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.unbiased.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

unbiased.com

www.unbiased.com

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://moneywise.com/investing/reviews/financial-engines){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Edelman Financial Engines Review 2024 | Moneywise, moneywise.com/investing/reviews/financial-engines"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://moneywise.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

moneywise.com

Edelman Financial Engines Review 2024 \| Moneywise

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/investment-management/financial-engines/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, What are the 'Financial Engines'?, edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/investment-management/financial-engines"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

What are the \'Financial Engines\'?

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/investment-management/building-generational-wealth/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, How To Build Generational Wealth | Edelman Financial Engines, edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/investment-management/building-generational-wealth"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

How To Build Generational Wealth \| Edelman Financial Engines

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Edelman Financial Engines: Financial Advisors, edelmanfinancialengines.com"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Edelman Financial Engines: Financial Advisors

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.unbiased.com/discover/financial-advice/edelman-financial-engines){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Edelman Financial Engines Review - unbiased.com, unbiased.com/discover/financial-advice/edelman-financial-engines"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.unbiased.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

unbiased.com

Edelman Financial Engines Review - unbiased.com

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.ssa.gov/policy/docs/rsnotes/rsn2016-03.html){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, A Comparison of Free Online Tools for Individuals Deciding When to Claim Social Security Benefits - SSA, ssa.gov/policy/docs/rsnotes/rsn2016-03.html"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ssa.gov/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

ssa.gov

A Comparison of Free Online Tools for Individuals Deciding When to Claim
Social Security Benefits - SSA

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/services/tax/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Tax Planning Services | Edelman Financial Engines, edelmanfinancialengines.com/services/tax"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Tax Planning Services \| Edelman Financial Engines

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.reddit.com/r/portfolios/comments/xblje7/experience_with_edelman_financial_engines_services/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Experience with Edelman Financial Engines services? : r/portfolios - Reddit, reddit.com/r/portfolios/comments/xblje7/experience_with_edelman_financial_engines_services"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

reddit.com

Experience with Edelman Financial Engines services? : r/portfolios -
Reddit

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://ca.naviplancentral.com/npsgccdn/web/webapp/help/en/lvl2/Content/pages/nw_holdco.htm){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Private Corporations - NaviPlan, ca.naviplancentral.com/npsgccdn/web/webapp/help/en/lvl2/Content/pages/nw_holdco.htm"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://ca.naviplancentral.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

ca.naviplancentral.com

Private Corporations - NaviPlan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://clearlake.com/investcloud-acquires-advicent-and-the-naviplan-platform/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, INVESTCLOUD ACQUIRES ADVICENT AND THE NAVIPLAN PLATFORM, clearlake.com/investcloud-acquires-advicent-and-the-naviplan-platform"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://clearlake.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

clearlake.com

INVESTCLOUD ACQUIRES ADVICENT AND THE NAVIPLAN PLATFORM

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://investcloud.com/naviplan-products/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, NaviPlan Products - InvestCloud, investcloud.com/naviplan-products"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://investcloud.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

investcloud.com

NaviPlan Products - InvestCloud

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://ca.naviplancentral.com/npsgccdn/web/webapp/help/en/lvl2/Content/pages/cf_cash_flow.htm){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Cash Flow - NaviPlan, ca.naviplancentral.com/npsgccdn/web/webapp/help/en/lvl2/Content/pages/cf_cash_flow.htm"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://ca.naviplancentral.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

ca.naviplancentral.com

Cash Flow - NaviPlan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://snapprojections.com/snap-projections-vs-naviplan/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Snap Projections vs. NaviPlan, snapprojections.com/snap-projections-vs-naviplan"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://snapprojections.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

snapprojections.com

Snap Projections vs. NaviPlan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://online.naviplancentral.com/npsgcusa/web/webapp/help/en/lvl2/Content/pages/gsm_assumptions.htm){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Assumptions, online.naviplancentral.com/npsgcusa/web/webapp/help/en/lvl2/Content/pages/gsm_assumptions.htm"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://online.naviplancentral.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

online.naviplancentral.com

Assumptions

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.toolsformoney.com/naviplan_financial_planning_software_evaluation.htm){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Review of NaviPlan Financial Plan Software. - Tools for Money, toolsformoney.com/naviplan_financial_planning_software_evaluation.htm"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.toolsformoney.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

toolsformoney.com

Review of NaviPlan Financial Plan Software. - Tools for Money

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.prweb.com/releases/naviplan_update_introduces_progress_planning_and_enhanced_reporting/prweb12868317.htm){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, NaviPlan® Update Introduces Progress Planning and Enhanced Reporting - PRWeb, prweb.com/releases/naviplan_update_introduces_progress_planning_and_enhanced_reporting/prweb12868317.htm"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.prweb.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

prweb.com

NaviPlan® Update Introduces Progress Planning and Enhanced Reporting -
PRWeb

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://wealthtechtoday.com/2017/10/25/4-top-financial-planning-software-apps-advisors/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, 4 Top Financial Planning Software Apps for Advisors - - WealthTech Today, wealthtechtoday.com/2017/10/25/4-top-financial-planning-software-apps-advisors"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://wealthtechtoday.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

wealthtechtoday.com

4 Top Financial Planning Software Apps for Advisors - - WealthTech Today

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://online.naviplancentral.com/npsgcusa/web/webapp/help/en/lvl2/Content/pages/gsm_ret_socsec.htm){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Scenarios: Social Security, online.naviplancentral.com/npsgcusa/web/webapp/help/en/lvl2/Content/pages/gsm_ret_socsec.htm"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://online.naviplancentral.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

online.naviplancentral.com

Retirement Scenarios: Social Security

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://online.naviplancentral.com/npsgcusa/web/webapp/help/en/lvl2/Content/pages/cf_cash_flow.htm){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Cash Flow, online.naviplancentral.com/npsgcusa/web/webapp/help/en/lvl2/Content/pages/cf_cash_flow.htm"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://online.naviplancentral.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

online.naviplancentral.com

Cash Flow

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.trustradius.com/compare-products/advicent-naviplan-vs-emoney-advisor){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Compare NaviPlan by Advicent vs eMoney Advisor 2025 - TrustRadius, trustradius.com/compare-products/advicent-naviplan-vs-emoney-advisor"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.trustradius.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

trustradius.com

Compare NaviPlan by Advicent vs eMoney Advisor 2025 - TrustRadius

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.trustradius.com/compare-products/advicent-naviplan-vs-rightcapital){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Compare NaviPlan by Advicent vs RightCapital on TrustRadius | Based on reviews & more, trustradius.com/compare-products/advicent-naviplan-vs-rightcapital"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.trustradius.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

trustradius.com

Compare NaviPlan by Advicent vs RightCapital on TrustRadius \| Based on
reviews & more

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://ezragroup.com/is-wealthtrace-the-right-financial-planning-software-for-you/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Is WealthTrace the Right Financial Planning Software for You? - Ezra Group LLC, ezragroup.com/is-wealthtrace-the-right-financial-planning-software-for-you"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://ezragroup.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

ezragroup.com

Is WealthTrace the Right Financial Planning Software for You? - Ezra
Group LLC

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/blog/a-comprehensive-detailed-retirement-calculator){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Comprehensive & Detailed Retirement Calculator, mywealthtrace.com/blog/a-comprehensive-detailed-retirement-calculator"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Comprehensive & Detailed Retirement Calculator

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/prices-section){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Financial Planning Software Prices Section, mywealthtrace.com/prices-section"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Financial Planning Software Prices Section

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/blog/social-security-maximization-strategies){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Social Security Maximization Strategies - WealthTrace's retirement planning software, mywealthtrace.com/blog/social-security-maximization-strategies"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Social Security Maximization Strategies - WealthTrace\'s retirement
planning software

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/blog/social-security-later-can-be-better){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Social Security: Later Can Be Better - WealthTrace's retirement planning software, mywealthtrace.com/blog/social-security-later-can-be-better"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Social Security: Later Can Be Better - WealthTrace\'s retirement
planning software

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/social-security-estimator){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Tool to Estimate Your Social Security Payments | WealthTrace, mywealthtrace.com/social-security-estimator"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Tool to Estimate Your Social Security Payments \| WealthTrace

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/how-it-works-individuals){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Personal Financial Planning Software For Individuals, mywealthtrace.com/how-it-works-individuals"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Personal Financial Planning Software For Individuals

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/how-it-works-advisors){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Financial Planning Software For Advisors, mywealthtrace.com/how-it-works-advisors"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Financial Planning Software For Advisors

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.holistiplan.com/resources/articles/free-financial-planning-software/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Free Financial Planning Software | Holistiplan, holistiplan.com/resources/articles/free-financial-planning-software"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

holistiplan.com

Free Financial Planning Software \| Holistiplan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}

[]{.mat-mdc-button-persistent-ripple .mdc-button__ripple}[[Sources read
but not used in the report]{.gds-title-m
_ngcontent-ng-c3135075938=""}]{.mdc-button__label}[]{.mat-focus-indicator}[]{.mat-mdc-button-touch-target}

[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted _ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://emoneyadvisor.com/blog/retirement-planning-considerations-for-clients-at-every-career-stage/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Planning Considerations for Clients at Every Career Stage - eMoney Advisor, emoneyadvisor.com/blog/retirement-planning-considerations-for-clients-at-every-career-stage"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Retirement Planning Considerations for Clients at Every Career Stage -
eMoney Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/how-it-works-employers){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Financial planning education and software for employers and their employees - WealthTrace, mywealthtrace.com/how-it-works-employers"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Financial planning education and software for employers and their
employees - WealthTrace

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://emoneyadvisor.com/blog/the-changing-face-of-retirement-planning-strategy/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, The Changing Face of Retirement Planning Strategy - eMoney Advisor, emoneyadvisor.com/blog/the-changing-face-of-retirement-planning-strategy"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

The Changing Face of Retirement Planning Strategy - eMoney Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.rightcapital.com/blog/2024-updates-review/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, 2024 in Review: RightCapital's Most Exciting Enhancements, rightcapital.com/blog/2024-updates-review"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

rightcapital.com

2024 in Review: RightCapital\'s Most Exciting Enhancements

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/blog/the-best-retirement-planning-strategies){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, The Best Retirement Planning Strategies - WealthTrace, mywealthtrace.com/blog/the-best-retirement-planning-strategies"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

The Best Retirement Planning Strategies - WealthTrace

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://victorywealthpartners.com/moneyguidepro/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, MoneyGuidePro - Victory Wealth Partners of NJ, victorywealthpartners.com/moneyguidepro"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://victorywealthpartners.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

victorywealthpartners.com

MoneyGuidePro - Victory Wealth Partners of NJ

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/copy_home){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Planning & Financial Planning Software, mywealthtrace.com/copy_home"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Retirement Planning & Financial Planning Software

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/retirement/preparing-for-retirement/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, 8 Steps When Preparing for Retirement | Edelman Financial Engines, edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/retirement/preparing-for-retirement"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

8 Steps When Preparing for Retirement \| Edelman Financial Engines

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/retirement/spending-in-retirement/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Spending | Edelman Financial Engines, edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/retirement/spending-in-retirement"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Retirement Spending \| Edelman Financial Engines

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.boeingbenefits.com/employee/emp-financial-wellbeing.html){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Financial Well Being - Boeing Benefits, boeingbenefits.com/employee/emp-financial-wellbeing.html"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.boeingbenefits.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

boeingbenefits.com

Financial Well Being - Boeing Benefits

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PZE6tDqEaY){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Solutions and Money Guide Pro - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=4PZE6tDqEaY"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

Retirement Solutions and Money Guide Pro - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.kubera.com/blog/emoney-vs-moneyguidepro){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, eMoney vs. MoneyGuidePro: Battle of the Financial Advisor Software - Kubera, kubera.com/blog/emoney-vs-moneyguidepro"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.kubera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

kubera.com

eMoney vs. MoneyGuidePro: Battle of the Financial Advisor Software -
Kubera

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://emoneyadvisor.com/services-and-support/client-support/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Client Support - eMoney Advisor, emoneyadvisor.com/services-and-support/client-support"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Client Support - eMoney Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.bankrate.com/investing/passive-income-ideas/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, 25 Passive Income Ideas To Make Extra Money In 2025 | Bankrate, bankrate.com/investing/passive-income-ideas"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.bankrate.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

bankrate.com

25 Passive Income Ideas To Make Extra Money In 2025 \| Bankrate

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://emoneyadvisor.com/blog/preparing-your-business-for-subscription-based-financial-planning/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Preparing Your Business for Subscription-based Financial Planning - eMoney Advisor, emoneyadvisor.com/blog/preparing-your-business-for-subscription-based-financial-planning"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Preparing Your Business for Subscription-based Financial Planning -
eMoney Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://info.flourish.com/flourish-annuities-enhanced-emoney-integration){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Flourish Annuities announces eMoney enhanced integration, info.flourish.com/flourish-annuities-enhanced-emoney-integration"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://info.flourish.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

info.flourish.com

Flourish Annuities announces eMoney enhanced integration

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://emoneyadvisor.com/blog/how-one-advisor-went-viral-on-social-media/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, How One Advisor Went Viral on Social Media, emoneyadvisor.com/blog/how-one-advisor-went-viral-on-social-media"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

How One Advisor Went Viral on Social Media

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.getapp.com/finance-accounting-software/a/emoney-advisor/pricing/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, eMoney Advisor Pricing Plan & Cost Guide | GetApp 2025, getapp.com/finance-accounting-software/a/emoney-advisor/pricing"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.getapp.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

getapp.com

eMoney Advisor Pricing Plan & Cost Guide \| GetApp 2025

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://emoneyadvisor.com/blog/how-to-price-your-financial-planning-services/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Finding Your Fee for Financial Planning as a Service - eMoney Advisor, emoneyadvisor.com/blog/how-to-price-your-financial-planning-services"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Finding Your Fee for Financial Planning as a Service - eMoney Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://emoneyadvisor.com/blog/infographic/how-to-engage-with-prospects-and-clients-in-a-digital-first-environment/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, How to Engage with Prospects and Clients in a Digital-first Environment - eMoney Advisor, emoneyadvisor.com/blog/infographic/how-to-engage-with-prospects-and-clients-in-a-digital-first-environment"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

How to Engage with Prospects and Clients in a Digital-first
Environment - eMoney Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://emoneyadvisor.com/services-and-support/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Services and Support - eMoney Advisor, emoneyadvisor.com/services-and-support"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Services and Support - eMoney Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://content.emaplan.com/educationcenter/ema/v7_8/content/insurance/disability/DisabilityArticle4.htm){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Social Security Disability Benefits - eMoney Advisor, content.emaplan.com/educationcenter/ema/v7_8/content/insurance/disability/DisabilityArticle4.htm"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://content.emaplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

content.emaplan.com

Social Security Disability Benefits - eMoney Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://emoneyadvisor.com/resources/case-studies/helping-clients-navigate-retirement-with-cash-flow-planning/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Helping Clients Navigate Retirement with Cash Flow Planning - eMoney Advisor, emoneyadvisor.com/resources/case-studies/helping-clients-navigate-retirement-with-cash-flow-planning"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Helping Clients Navigate Retirement with Cash Flow Planning - eMoney
Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://wealth.emaplan.com/ema/LeadGen/Welcome/a308809f-4591-4314-98ff-280d6b53c3c4?ema/nationalsecurities/blackriverwealthmgmt){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Your Personalized Retirement Calculator - eMoney Advisor, wealth.emaplan.com/ema/LeadGen/Welcome/a308809f-4591-4314-98ff-280d6b53c3c4?ema/nationalsecurities/blackriverwealthmgmt"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://wealth.emaplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

wealth.emaplan.com

Your Personalized Retirement Calculator - eMoney Advisor

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.cpaacademy.org/webinars/a0D4400000Z5Os2EAF){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, TAX FEATURES & CAPABILITIES IN EMONEY ADVISOR'S - CPAacademy.org, cpaacademy.org/webinars/a0D4400000Z5Os2EAF"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.cpaacademy.org/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

cpaacademy.org

TAX FEATURES & CAPABILITIES IN EMONEY ADVISOR\'S - CPAacademy.org

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.trustradius.com/compare-products/emoney-advisor-vs-envestnet-platform){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Compare eMoney Advisor vs Envestnet Platform 2025 | TrustRadius, trustradius.com/compare-products/emoney-advisor-vs-envestnet-platform"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.trustradius.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

trustradius.com

Compare eMoney Advisor vs Envestnet Platform 2025 \| TrustRadius

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.trustradius.com/products/emoney-advisor/reviews){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, eMoney Advisor Reviews & Ratings 2025 - TrustRadius, trustradius.com/products/emoney-advisor/reviews"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.trustradius.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

trustradius.com

eMoney Advisor Reviews & Ratings 2025 - TrustRadius

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eq3nXc7G13Q){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Why This Advisor Says Choosing RightCapital is a “No-Brainer” - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=eq3nXc7G13Q"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

Why This Advisor Says Choosing RightCapital is a "No-Brainer" - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://pitchbook.com/profiles/company/119937-07){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, RightCapital 2025 Company Profile: Valuation, Funding & Investors | PitchBook, pitchbook.com/profiles/company/119937-07"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pitchbook.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

pitchbook.com

RightCapital 2025 Company Profile: Valuation, Funding & Investors \|
PitchBook

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.getapp.com/finance-accounting-software/a/rightcapital/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, RightCapital 2025 Pricing, Features, Reviews & Alternatives - GetApp, getapp.com/finance-accounting-software/a/rightcapital"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.getapp.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

getapp.com

RightCapital 2025 Pricing, Features, Reviews & Alternatives - GetApp

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83gqTMFwh44){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Technology is Separating Advisors. It Could IMPACT You. - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=83gqTMFwh44"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

Technology is Separating Advisors. It Could IMPACT You. - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9O_pbtCmvOg){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Presenting a Plan to a Pre-Retiree | RightCapital 101 - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=9O_pbtCmvOg"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

Presenting a Plan to a Pre-Retiree \| RightCapital 101 - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.rightcapital.com/training-videos/data-entry/savings){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Savings - RightCapital Help Center, help.rightcapital.com/training-videos/data-entry/savings"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Savings - RightCapital Help Center

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.rightcapital.com/data-entry/income/spouse-social-security){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Spouse Social Security Income - RightCapital Help Center, help.rightcapital.com/data-entry/income/spouse-social-security"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Spouse Social Security Income - RightCapital Help Center

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.rightcapital.com/data-entry/income/other-income){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Other Income - RightCapital Help Center, help.rightcapital.com/data-entry/income/other-income"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Other Income - RightCapital Help Center

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/news/accesswire/967620msn/rightcapital-introduces-tax-analyzer-ocr-technology-to-read-tax-returns-in-seconds-and-identify-tax-smart-opportunities){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, RightCapital Introduces Tax Analyzer, OCR Technology to Read Tax Returns in Seconds and Identify Tax-Smart Opportunities | Morningstar, morningstar.com/news/accesswire/967620msn/rightcapital-introduces-tax-analyzer-ocr-technology-to-read-tax-returns-in-seconds-and-identify-tax-smart-opportunities"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

RightCapital Introduces Tax Analyzer, OCR Technology to Read Tax Returns
in Seconds and Identify Tax-Smart Opportunities \| Morningstar

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCyzN2DNSHM){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Modeling the Most Common Retirement 'What-If' Scenarios within RightCapital - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=wCyzN2DNSHM"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

Modeling the Most Common Retirement \'What-If\' Scenarios within
RightCapital - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTg-4vj8HLg){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, RightCapital's Retirement Analysis Module - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=pTg-4vj8HLg"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

RightCapital\'s Retirement Analysis Module - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Morningstar | Empowering Investor Success, morningstar.com"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar \| Empowering Investor Success

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://investor.morningstar.com/?cid=RegBI-GoalandWealthRecs&con=1035625253FelqCampaignId5888&elqcampaignid=6282&prd=Manager%20Selection%20Services&refid=Blog){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Empowering Investor Success - Morningstar, investor.morningstar.com/?cid=RegBI-GoalandWealthRecs&con=1035625253FelqCampaignId5888&elqcampaignid=6282&prd=Manager%20Selection%20Services&refid=Blog"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://investor.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

investor.morningstar.com

Empowering Investor Success - Morningstar

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/?cap=Model%20Marketplace&con=15987&elqcampaignid=6282con10155prdcloud&prd=WKP%20Fiduciary%20Services){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Empowering Investor Success - Morningstar, morningstar.com/?cap=Model%20Marketplace&con=15987&elqcampaignid=6282con10155prdcloud&prd=WKP%20Fiduciary%20Services"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Empowering Investor Success - Morningstar

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.tiaa.org/public/pdf/r/rppm_faq.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Find out more about Retirement Plan Portfolio Manager - TIAA, tiaa.org/public/pdf/r/rppm_faq.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.tiaa.org/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

tiaa.org

Find out more about Retirement Plan Portfolio Manager - TIAA

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/business/campaigns/retirement-manager-investors){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Morningstar Retirement Manager, morningstar.com/business/campaigns/retirement-manager-investors"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar Retirement Manager

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/products/workplace){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Services for Savers and Investors | Workplace - Morningstar, morningstar.com/products/workplace"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Retirement Services for Savers and Investors \| Workplace - Morningstar

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/topics/taxes){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Taxes - Morningstar, morningstar.com/topics/taxes"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Taxes - Morningstar

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/retirement/maybe-you-shouldnt-delay-taking-your-social-security-benefits-after-all){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Maybe You Shouldn't Delay Taking Your Social Security Benefits After All | Morningstar, morningstar.com/retirement/maybe-you-shouldnt-delay-taking-your-social-security-benefits-after-all"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Maybe You Shouldn\'t Delay Taking Your Social Security Benefits After
All \| Morningstar

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/retirement/morningstars-retirement-income-research-reevaluating-4-withdrawal-rule){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Morningstar's Retirement Income Research: Reevaluating the 4% Withdrawal Rule, morningstar.com/retirement/morningstars-retirement-income-research-reevaluating-4-withdrawal-rule"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar\'s Retirement Income Research: Reevaluating the 4%
Withdrawal Rule

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/retirement/how-retirees-can-determine-safe-withdrawal-rate-2025){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, How Retirees Can Determine a Safe Withdrawal Rate in 2025 - Morningstar, morningstar.com/retirement/how-retirees-can-determine-safe-withdrawal-rate-2025"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

How Retirees Can Determine a Safe Withdrawal Rate in 2025 - Morningstar

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/business/insights/blog/retirement/retirement-income-planning-advisor-playbook){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Income Planning Playbook for Financial Advisors - Morningstar, morningstar.com/business/insights/blog/retirement/retirement-income-planning-advisor-playbook"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Retirement Income Planning Playbook for Financial Advisors - Morningstar

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/products/retirement-plan-landscape-summary-2023){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Plan Landscape Report Summary - Morningstar, morningstar.com/products/retirement-plan-landscape-summary-2023"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Retirement Plan Landscape Report Summary - Morningstar

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/1gcda99/thoughts_on_morningstar_inc_and_their/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Thoughts on Morningstar inc and their recommendation : r/personalfinance - Reddit, reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/1gcda99/thoughts_on_morningstar_inc_and_their"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

reddit.com

Thoughts on Morningstar inc and their recommendation :
r/personalfinance - Reddit

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/business/insights/blog/retirement/debunking-myths-managed-accounts){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Debunking Five Myths About Managed Accounts - Morningstar, morningstar.com/business/insights/blog/retirement/debunking-myths-managed-accounts"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

Debunking Five Myths About Managed Accounts - Morningstar

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bogleheads/comments/1en75n8/edelman_financial_engines_swr_too_high/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Edelman Financial Engines SWR too high? : r/Bogleheads - Reddit, reddit.com/r/Bogleheads/comments/1en75n8/edelman_financial_engines_swr_too_high"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

reddit.com

Edelman Financial Engines SWR too high? : r/Bogleheads - Reddit

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://smartasset.com/retirement/nearing-retirement-this-new-401k-program-provides-hands-on-investment-management){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Nearing Retirement? This New 401(k) Program Provides Hands-on Investment Management - SmartAsset, smartasset.com/retirement/nearing-retirement-this-new-401k-program-provides-hands-on-investment-management"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://smartasset.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

smartasset.com

Nearing Retirement? This New 401(k) Program Provides Hands-on Investment
Management - SmartAsset

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://aon.mediaroom.com/news-releases?item=136959){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Financial Engines & Aon Hewitt Find 401(k) Participants Who Use Professional Help Are Better Off Than Those Who Do Not, aon.mediaroom.com/news-releases?item=136959"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://aon.mediaroom.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

aon.mediaroom.com

Financial Engines & Aon Hewitt Find 401(k) Participants Who Use
Professional Help Are Better Off Than Those Who Do Not

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/financial-planning/how-do-financial-advisors-get-paid/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, How do financial advisors make money?, edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/financial-planning/how-do-financial-advisors-get-paid"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

How do financial advisors make money?

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ebsa/laws-and-regulations/rules-and-regulations/public-comments/investment-advice/00050.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Yes. Since 1998, Financial Engines has provided online advice to individuals in defined, dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ebsa/laws-and-regulations/rules-and-regulations/public-comments/investment-advice/00050.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.dol.gov/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

dol.gov

Yes. Since 1998, Financial Engines has provided online advice to
individuals in defined

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.avinc.com/images/uploads/myavbenefits/Edelman_Financial_Engines_Flyer.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Check in With Your Future, avinc.com/images/uploads/myavbenefits/Edelman_Financial_Engines_Flyer.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.avinc.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

avinc.com

Check in With Your Future

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/investment-management/active-vs--passive-investing/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Active vs. passive investing - Edelman Financial Engines, edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/investment-management/active-vs--passive-investing"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Active vs. passive investing - Edelman Financial Engines

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://demos.voyacdn.com/dcdemosite/advice/ss-step1.html){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Social Security Calculator - Voya Financial, demos.voyacdn.com/dcdemosite/advice/ss-step1.html"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://demos.voyacdn.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

demos.voyacdn.com

Social Security Calculator - Voya Financial

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/tax/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Tax Planning Insights | Edelman Financial Engines, edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/tax"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Tax Planning Insights \| Edelman Financial Engines

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250304167207/en/Edelman-Financial-Engines-Finds-Nearly-Half-of-Americans-Admit-They-Just-File-and-Forget-it-When-it-Comes-to-Taxes-and-Financial-Planning){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Edelman Financial Engines Finds Nearly Half of Americans Admit They Just “File and Forget it” When it Comes to Taxes and Financial Planning - Business Wire, businesswire.com/news/home/20250304167207/en/Edelman-Financial-Engines-Finds-Nearly-Half-of-Americans-Admit-They-Just-File-and-Forget-it-When-it-Comes-to-Taxes-and-Financial-Planning"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

businesswire.com

Edelman Financial Engines Finds Nearly Half of Americans Admit They Just
"File and Forget it" When it Comes to Taxes and Financial Planning -
Business Wire

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/tax/14-tax-saving-strategies/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, 14 Tax Saving Strategies to Minimize Your Expenses - Edelman Financial Engines, edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/tax/14-tax-saving-strategies"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

14 Tax Saving Strategies to Minimize Your Expenses - Edelman Financial
Engines

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/tax/tax-opportunity-checklist/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Your Essential Tax Planning Checklist | Edelman Financial Engines, edelmanfinancialengines.com/education/tax/tax-opportunity-checklist"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Your Essential Tax Planning Checklist \| Edelman Financial Engines

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.unbiased.com/discover/financial-advice/edelman-financial-engines-vs-fisher-investments){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Fisher Investments vs. Edelman Financial Engines - Unbiased, unbiased.com/discover/financial-advice/edelman-financial-engines-vs-fisher-investments"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.unbiased.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

unbiased.com

Fisher Investments vs. Edelman Financial Engines - Unbiased

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://myfrs.com/imageserver/pdf/forms/Keep_Your_Retirement_Plan_on_Track.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Will I have enough money in retirement? How does it work? - MyFRS, myfrs.com/imageserver/pdf/forms/Keep_Your_Retirement_Plan_on_Track.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://myfrs.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

myfrs.com

Will I have enough money in retirement? How does it work? - MyFRS

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://legaldocs.financialengines.io/AFA/Alight_Financial_Advisors_Methodology_and_Assumptions.pdf?linkId=DC_QLFY_ENRL_CHOOSE_INVS_FE_ADVC_FUNDS_FE_MTHD_ASSM_LNK&technicalNameForLink=DC_QLFY_ENRL_CHOOSE_INVS_FE_ADVC_FUNDS_FE_MTHD_ASSM_LNK&userFriendlyNameForLink=FE%20Methodology%20and%20Assumptions%20doc&domain=Ben-DC&baseClientIndicator=Base){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Methodology and Assumptions About Your Information, legaldocs.financialengines.io/AFA/Alight_Financial_Advisors_Methodology_and_Assumptions.pdf?linkId=DC_QLFY_ENRL_CHOOSE_INVS_FE_ADVC_FUNDS_FE_MTHD_ASSM_LNK&technicalNameForLink=DC_QLFY_ENRL_CHOOSE_INVS_FE_ADVC_FUNDS_FE_MTHD_ASSM_LNK&userFriendlyNameForLink=FE%20Methodology%20and%20Assumptions%20doc&domain=Ben-DC&baseClientIndicator=Base"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://legaldocs.financialengines.io/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

legaldocs.financialengines.io

Methodology and Assumptions About Your Information

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCiIx6D0TL8){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Should i invest with Edelman Financial Engines & Ric Edelman - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=LCiIx6D0TL8"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

Should i invest with Edelman Financial Engines & Ric Edelman - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://ca.naviplancentral.com/npsgccdn/web/webapp/help/en/lvl2/Content/pages/gsm_ins.htm){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Insurance Coverage Scenarios - NaviPlan, ca.naviplancentral.com/npsgccdn/web/webapp/help/en/lvl2/Content/pages/gsm_ins.htm"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://ca.naviplancentral.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

ca.naviplancentral.com

Insurance Coverage Scenarios - NaviPlan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](http://www.advicentsolutions.net/LearningCenter/NaviPlanCanadaPremium/assets/_fds/np_ret_gc_calc_cdn.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, NaviPlan - Retirement Goal Coverage Calculations, advicentsolutions.net/LearningCenter/NaviPlanCanadaPremium/assets/_fds/np_ret_gc_calc_cdn.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=http://www.advicentsolutions.net/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

advicentsolutions.net

NaviPlan - Retirement Goal Coverage Calculations

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](http://www.advicentsolutions.net/LearningCenter/NaviPlanCanadaPremium/assets/_fds/np_inv_mf_cdn.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Investment portfolio and mutual funds - NaviPlan, advicentsolutions.net/LearningCenter/NaviPlanCanadaPremium/assets/_fds/np_inv_mf_cdn.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=http://www.advicentsolutions.net/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

advicentsolutions.net

Investment portfolio and mutual funds - NaviPlan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.trustradius.com/products/advicent-naviplan/pricing){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, NaviPlan by Advicent Pricing 2025 - TrustRadius, trustradius.com/products/advicent-naviplan/pricing"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.trustradius.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

trustradius.com

NaviPlan by Advicent Pricing 2025 - TrustRadius

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.investopedia.com/financial-edge/0113/planning-your-retirement-using-the-monte-carlo-simulation.aspx){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Planning Retirement Using the Monte Carlo Simulation - Investopedia, investopedia.com/financial-edge/0113/planning-your-retirement-using-the-monte-carlo-simulation.aspx"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.investopedia.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

investopedia.com

Planning Retirement Using the Monte Carlo Simulation - Investopedia

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gI56DTKW4XE){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, NaviPlan® from Advicent - comprehensive financial planning application - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=gI56DTKW4XE"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

NaviPlan® from Advicent - comprehensive financial planning application -
YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.financial-planning.com/list/naviplan-architect-seeks-to-bring-fresh-ai-powered-software-to-u-s-advisors){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, NaviPlan architect seeks to bring fresh AI-powered software to U.S. advisors: Wealthtech Weekly - Financial Planning, financial-planning.com/list/naviplan-architect-seeks-to-bring-fresh-ai-powered-software-to-u-s-advisors"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.financial-planning.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

financial-planning.com

NaviPlan architect seeks to bring fresh AI-powered software to U.S.
advisors: Wealthtech Weekly - Financial Planning

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://awgmain.morningstar.com/webhelp/Integrations/Advicent_s_NaviPlan_Integration_Overview.htm){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Advicent's NaviPlan Integration Overview, awgmain.morningstar.com/webhelp/Integrations/Advicent_s_NaviPlan_Integration_Overview.htm"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://awgmain.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

awgmain.morningstar.com

Advicent\'s NaviPlan Integration Overview

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220901005340/en/InvestCloud-Rolls-out-80-New-Features-for-NaviPlan-by-InvestCloud-Further-Positioning-the-Solution-as-North-America%E2%80%99s-Top-Financial-Planning-Software-for-Wealth-Clients){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, InvestCloud Rolls out 80 New Features for NaviPlan by InvestCloud, Further Positioning the Solution as North America's Top Financial Planning Software for Wealth Clients, businesswire.com/news/home/20220901005340/en/InvestCloud-Rolls-out-80-New-Features-for-NaviPlan-by-InvestCloud-Further-Positioning-the-Solution-as-North-America%E2%80%99s-Top-Financial-Planning-Software-for-Wealth-Clients"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

businesswire.com

InvestCloud Rolls out 80 New Features for NaviPlan by InvestCloud,
Further Positioning the Solution as North America\'s Top Financial
Planning Software for Wealth Clients

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.ssa.gov/ssi/text-living-ussi.htm){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Supplemental Security Income (SSI) Living Arrangements - SSA, ssa.gov/ssi/text-living-ussi.htm"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ssa.gov/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

ssa.gov

Supplemental Security Income (SSI) Living Arrangements - SSA

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](http://www.advicentsolutions.net/LearningCenter/NaviPlanCanadaPremium/assets/_fds/np_fixed_income.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Using Fixed Income Streams in Retirement - NaviPlan, advicentsolutions.net/LearningCenter/NaviPlanCanadaPremium/assets/_fds/np_fixed_income.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=http://www.advicentsolutions.net/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

advicentsolutions.net

Using Fixed Income Streams in Retirement - NaviPlan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.ssa.gov/ssi){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Supplemental Security Income (SSI) - SSA, ssa.gov/ssi"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ssa.gov/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

ssa.gov

Supplemental Security Income (SSI) - SSA

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/faq){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Frequently Asked Questions About WealthTrace, mywealthtrace.com/faq"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Frequently Asked Questions About WealthTrace

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://smartasset.com/financial-advisor/financial-planning-software){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Top Financial Planning Software Program Options for 2024 - SmartAsset, smartasset.com/financial-advisor/financial-planning-software"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://smartasset.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

smartasset.com

Top Financial Planning Software Program Options for 2024 - SmartAsset

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__0xCYjkX10){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, WealthTrace Webinar December 2024 - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=__0xCYjkX10"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

WealthTrace Webinar December 2024 - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.wordstream.com/blog/target-audience-examples){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, 12 Illuminating Real-World Target Audience Examples | WordStream, wordstream.com/blog/target-audience-examples"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.wordstream.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

wordstream.com

12 Illuminating Real-World Target Audience Examples \| WordStream

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaqja5yj-r4){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, The BEST DIY Retirement Software? A CFP® Reviews New Retirement. - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=kaqja5yj-r4"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

The BEST DIY Retirement Software? A CFP® Reviews New Retirement. -
YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.sumydesigns.com/understanding-your-target-demographic-for-small-business-websites/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Understand Your Target Audience for Small Business Websites - Sumy Designs, sumydesigns.com/understanding-your-target-demographic-for-small-business-websites"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.sumydesigns.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

sumydesigns.com

Understand Your Target Audience for Small Business Websites - Sumy
Designs

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKX1mhsafAk){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, WealthTrace Webinar November 2024 - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=WKX1mhsafAk"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

WealthTrace Webinar November 2024 - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://slashdot.org/software/p/WealthTrace/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, WealthTrace Reviews - 2025 - Slashdot, slashdot.org/software/p/WealthTrace"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://slashdot.org/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

slashdot.org

WealthTrace Reviews - 2025 - Slashdot

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHMojqWR-g8){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, How to Use WealthTrace - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=JHMojqWR-g8"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

How to Use WealthTrace - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://mchenrychamber.com/target-audiences-and-buyer-personas-are-both-important-for-a-successful-marketing-strategy/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Target Audiences and Buyer Personas are Both Important for a Successful Marketing Strategy! - McHenry Area Chamber of Commerce, mchenrychamber.com/target-audiences-and-buyer-personas-are-both-important-for-a-successful-marketing-strategy"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://mchenrychamber.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mchenrychamber.com

Target Audiences and Buyer Personas are Both Important for a Successful
Marketing Strategy! - McHenry Area Chamber of Commerce

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.adobe.com/uk/express/learn/blog/how-to-determine-uk-target-audience){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, How to Determine Your UK Target Audience | Adobe Express, adobe.com/uk/express/learn/blog/how-to-determine-uk-target-audience"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.adobe.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

adobe.com

How to Determine Your UK Target Audience \| Adobe Express

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kePCd9HRWY0){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, WealthTrace Plan Settings - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=kePCd9HRWY0"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

WealthTrace Plan Settings - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://support.mywealthtrace.com/21145/kb/category/109309/social-security-and-pensions){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Social Security And Pensions - WealthTrace Planner Knowledge Center, support.mywealthtrace.com/21145/kb/category/109309/social-security-and-pensions"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://support.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

support.mywealthtrace.com

Social Security And Pensions - WealthTrace Planner Knowledge Center

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/blog/social-security-already-dipping-into-the-trust-fund){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Social Security Already Dipping Into The Trust Fund - WealthTrace's retirement planning software, mywealthtrace.com/blog/social-security-already-dipping-into-the-trust-fund"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Social Security Already Dipping Into The Trust Fund - WealthTrace\'s
retirement planning software

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/planning-tools){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Financial Planning Tools and Retirement Calculators | WealthTrace, mywealthtrace.com/planning-tools"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Financial Planning Tools and Retirement Calculators \| WealthTrace

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/blog/the-average-income-in-retirement){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Average Income in Retirement, mywealthtrace.com/blog/the-average-income-in-retirement"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Average Income in Retirement

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1b4EQ4pKOw8){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, WealthTrace Financial & Retirement Planner Home Screen - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=1b4EQ4pKOw8"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

WealthTrace Financial & Retirement Planner Home Screen - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/testimonial){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, WealthTrace Personal Testimonials, mywealthtrace.com/testimonial"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

WealthTrace Personal Testimonials

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.mywealthtrace.com/blog/how-to-run-retirement-income-scenarios){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, How To Run Retirement Income Scenarios | WealthTrace, mywealthtrace.com/blog/how-to-run-retirement-income-scenarios"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

mywealthtrace.com

How To Run Retirement Income Scenarios \| WealthTrace

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://slashdot.org/software/p/WealthTrace/alternatives){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Top WealthTrace Alternatives in 2025 - Slashdot, slashdot.org/software/p/WealthTrace/alternatives"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://slashdot.org/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

slashdot.org

Top WealthTrace Alternatives in 2025 - Slashdot

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://eggstack.com/Best-Retirement-Planning-Software/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Best Retirement Planning Software - Eggstack, eggstack.com/Best-Retirement-Planning-Software"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://eggstack.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

eggstack.com

Best Retirement Planning Software - Eggstack

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.netguru.com/blog/insurance-agency-accounting-software){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Best Insurance Agency Accounting Software for 2025 - Netguru, netguru.com/blog/insurance-agency-accounting-software"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.netguru.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

netguru.com

Best Insurance Agency Accounting Software for 2025 - Netguru

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/011916/best-retirementplanning-apps.asp){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, The Best Retirement Planning Apps - Investopedia, investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/011916/best-retirementplanning-apps.asp"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.investopedia.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

investopedia.com

The Best Retirement Planning Apps - Investopedia

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.investopedia.com/articles/professionals/080615/top-5-software-programs-used-financial-advisors.asp){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Top 5 Financial Planning Software Tools Used by Financial Advisors - Investopedia, investopedia.com/articles/professionals/080615/top-5-software-programs-used-financial-advisors.asp"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.investopedia.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

investopedia.com

Top 5 Financial Planning Software Tools Used by Financial Advisors -
Investopedia

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.blackrock.com/us/financial-professionals/tools/iretire-retirement-income-planning){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, BlackRock's Retirement Income Planning Tool, blackrock.com/us/financial-professionals/tools/iretire-retirement-income-planning"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.blackrock.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

blackrock.com

BlackRock\'s Retirement Income Planning Tool

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://pontera.com/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Pontera | Financial Advisor Software for 401k Management, pontera.com"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pontera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

pontera.com

Pontera \| Financial Advisor Software for 401k Management

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://maxifiplanner.com/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Smarter Personal Financial and Retirement Planning Software, maxifiplanner.com"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://maxifiplanner.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

maxifiplanner.com

Smarter Personal Financial and Retirement Planning Software

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://projectionlab.com/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, ProjectionLab - Modern Financial & Retirement Planning Tools, projectionlab.com"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://projectionlab.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

projectionlab.com

ProjectionLab - Modern Financial & Retirement Planning Tools

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.salesforce.com/financial-services/insurance-agency-management-software/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Best Insurance Agency Management & Brokerage Software | Salesforce US, salesforce.com/financial-services/insurance-agency-management-software"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.salesforce.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

salesforce.com

Best Insurance Agency Management & Brokerage Software \| Salesforce US

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.holistiplan.com/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Holistiplan | Award-Winning Software for Estate, Insurance, and Scenario Planning., holistiplan.com"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

holistiplan.com

Holistiplan \| Award-Winning Software for Estate, Insurance, and
Scenario Planning.

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.equisoft.com/solutions/insurance/advisor-insurance){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Software Solutions For Insurance Agents & Brokers | Equisoft, equisoft.com/solutions/insurance/advisor-insurance"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

equisoft.com

Software Solutions For Insurance Agents & Brokers \| Equisoft

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://advisor.equisoft.com/pricing){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Equisoft advisor plans and pricing, advisor.equisoft.com/pricing"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

Equisoft advisor plans and pricing

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://advisor.equisoft.com/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Equisoft: Advisor Focused Insurance & Investment Software Solutions, advisor.equisoft.com"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

Equisoft: Advisor Focused Insurance & Investment Software Solutions

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.newswire.com/news/unlocking-estate-planning-for-the-mass-affluent-holistiplan-s-22444998){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Unlocking Estate Planning for the Mass Affluent: Holistiplan's Groundbreaking 2025 Launch, newswire.com/news/unlocking-estate-planning-for-the-mass-affluent-holistiplan-s-22444998"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.newswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

newswire.com

Unlocking Estate Planning for the Mass Affluent: Holistiplan\'s
Groundbreaking 2025 Launch

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.equisoft.com/equisoft-plan-financial-planning-for-advisors){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Financial Planning Software for Advisors - Equisoft, equisoft.com/equisoft-plan-financial-planning-for-advisors"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

equisoft.com

Financial Planning Software for Advisors - Equisoft

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.holistiplan.com/resources/articles/comprehensive-financial-planning-software/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Comprehensive Financial Planning Software | Holistiplan, holistiplan.com/resources/articles/comprehensive-financial-planning-software"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

holistiplan.com

Comprehensive Financial Planning Software \| Holistiplan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.equisoft.com/products/wealth-planning-plan){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Financial Planning Software for Advisors - Equisoft, equisoft.com/products/wealth-planning-plan"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

equisoft.com

Financial Planning Software for Advisors - Equisoft

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.holistiplan.com/pricing/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Pricing - Holistiplan, holistiplan.com/pricing"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

holistiplan.com

Pricing - Holistiplan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.holistiplan.com/resources/articles/financial-planning-and-analysis-software/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Financial Planning and Analysis software - Holistiplan, holistiplan.com/resources/articles/financial-planning-and-analysis-software"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

holistiplan.com

Financial Planning and Analysis software - Holistiplan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.getapp.com/customer-management-software/a/equisoft-connect/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, equisoft/connect 2025 Pricing, Features, Reviews & Alternatives - GetApp, getapp.com/customer-management-software/a/equisoft-connect"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.getapp.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

getapp.com

equisoft/connect 2025 Pricing, Features, Reviews & Alternatives - GetApp

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.kitces.com/blog/the-latest-in-financial-advisortech-february-2025-news-fp-alpha-right-capital-holistiplan-tax-return-extraction/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Holistiplan's Fee Increase Sparks Competition From FP Alpha And RightCapital (And More Of The Latest In Financial #AdvisorTech – February 2025) - Kitces.com, kitces.com/blog/the-latest-in-financial-advisortech-february-2025-news-fp-alpha-right-capital-holistiplan-tax-return-extraction"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.kitces.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

kitces.com

Holistiplan\'s Fee Increase Sparks Competition From FP Alpha And
RightCapital (And More Of The Latest In Financial #AdvisorTech --
February 2025) - Kitces.com

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.reddit.com/r/CFP/comments/1hq5hnr/holistiplan_replacement/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Holistiplan Replacement : r/CFP - Reddit, reddit.com/r/CFP/comments/1hq5hnr/holistiplan_replacement"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

reddit.com

Holistiplan Replacement : r/CFP - Reddit

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.holistiplan.com/marketing-for-financial-advisors-3-tips-for-creating-personalized-content/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Marketing for Financial Advisors: 3 Tips for Creating Personalized Content - Holistiplan, holistiplan.com/marketing-for-financial-advisors-3-tips-for-creating-personalized-content"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

holistiplan.com

Marketing for Financial Advisors: 3 Tips for Creating Personalized
Content - Holistiplan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.reddit.com/r/CFP/comments/1h60ehm/holistiplan_price_going_way_up/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Holistiplan Price Going WAY Up? : r/CFP - Reddit, reddit.com/r/CFP/comments/1h60ehm/holistiplan_price_going_way_up"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

reddit.com

Holistiplan Price Going WAY Up? : r/CFP - Reddit

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.holistiplan.com/resources/articles/individual-financial-planning-software/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Individual Financial Planning Software - Holistiplan, holistiplan.com/resources/articles/individual-financial-planning-software"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

holistiplan.com

Individual Financial Planning Software - Holistiplan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.holistiplan.com/resources/articles/financial-planning-software-for-individuals/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Financial Planning Software for Individuals - Holistiplan, holistiplan.com/resources/articles/financial-planning-software-for-individuals"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

holistiplan.com

Financial Planning Software for Individuals - Holistiplan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://t3technologyhub.com/tag/holistiplan/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Holistiplan | t3 Technology Hub, t3technologyhub.com/tag/holistiplan"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://t3technologyhub.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

t3technologyhub.com

Holistiplan \| t3 Technology Hub

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.holistiplan.com/resources/articles/financial-planning-software-retirement/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Financial Planning Software | Holistiplan, holistiplan.com/resources/articles/financial-planning-software-retirement"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

holistiplan.com

Retirement Financial Planning Software \| Holistiplan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://advisor.equisoft.com/insights/investment/acquisition-retention-cross-sell-marketing-guide-financial-advisors){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Acquisition, Retention, & Cross-sell: A Guide for Financial Advisors - Equisoft, advisor.equisoft.com/insights/investment/acquisition-retention-cross-sell-marketing-guide-financial-advisors"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

Acquisition, Retention, & Cross-sell: A Guide for Financial Advisors -
Equisoft

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://advisor.equisoft.com/insights/investment/content-marketing-tips-for-financial-advisors-looking-to-capture-magnetic-leads){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Content Marketing Tips for Financial Advisors Looking to Capture Magnetic Leads - Equisoft, advisor.equisoft.com/insights/investment/content-marketing-tips-for-financial-advisors-looking-to-capture-magnetic-leads"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

Content Marketing Tips for Financial Advisors Looking to Capture
Magnetic Leads - Equisoft

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://advisor.equisoft.com/insights/investment/3-ways-to-convert-more-prospects-to-clients-using-equisoft-connect){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, 3 Ways to Convert more Prospects to Clients Using Equisoft/connect, advisor.equisoft.com/insights/investment/3-ways-to-convert-more-prospects-to-clients-using-equisoft-connect"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

3 Ways to Convert more Prospects to Clients Using Equisoft/connect

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://advisor.equisoft.com/insights/investment/social-media-marketing-basics-for-financial-advisors){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Social Media Marketing Basics for Financial Advisors | Equisoft, advisor.equisoft.com/insights/investment/social-media-marketing-basics-for-financial-advisors"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

Social Media Marketing Basics for Financial Advisors \| Equisoft

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.equisoft.com/glossary/pension-investment){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Pension Investment & Retirement Plan: What are they? | Equisoft, equisoft.com/glossary/pension-investment"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

equisoft.com

Pension Investment & Retirement Plan: What are they? \| Equisoft

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.equisoft.com/pension-investment-systems){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Pension Investment & Management Software | Formerly Altus Products - Equisoft, equisoft.com/pension-investment-systems"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

equisoft.com

Pension Investment & Management Software \| Formerly Altus Products -
Equisoft

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.equisoft.com/solutions/investments){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Wealth & Investment Management Software Solutions - Equisoft, equisoft.com/solutions/investments"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

equisoft.com

Wealth & Investment Management Software Solutions - Equisoft

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.holistiplan.com/resources/faq/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Frequently Asked Questions - Holistiplan, holistiplan.com/resources/faq"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

holistiplan.com

Frequently Asked Questions - Holistiplan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.holistiplan.com/how-do-fica-taxes-show-up-in-holistiplan){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, How Do FICA Taxes Show Up in Holistiplan?, help.holistiplan.com/how-do-fica-taxes-show-up-in-holistiplan"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.holistiplan.com

How Do FICA Taxes Show Up in Holistiplan?

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://pontera.com/for-advisors){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Pontera for financial advisors, pontera.com/for-advisors"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pontera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

pontera.com

Pontera for financial advisors

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pontera-and-hightower-to-deliver-enhanced-financial-advice-through-secure-seamless-management-of-client-401ks-302344269.html){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Pontera and Hightower to deliver enhanced financial advice through secure, seamless management of client 401(k)s - PR Newswire, prnewswire.com/news-releases/pontera-and-hightower-to-deliver-enhanced-financial-advice-through-secure-seamless-management-of-client-401ks-302344269.html"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.prnewswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

prnewswire.com

Pontera and Hightower to deliver enhanced financial advice through
secure, seamless management of client 401(k)s - PR Newswire

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://pontera.com/for-retirement-savers){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, For Retirement Savers - Pontera, pontera.com/for-retirement-savers"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pontera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

pontera.com

For Retirement Savers - Pontera

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.holistiplan.com/tax-report-2.0){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, What are the different sections on a Tax Report? - Holistiplan Knowledge Base, help.holistiplan.com/tax-report-2.0"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.holistiplan.com

What are the different sections on a Tax Report? - Holistiplan Knowledge
Base

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.holistiplan.com/platform/tax-planning/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Tax Planning - Holistiplan, holistiplan.com/platform/tax-planning"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

holistiplan.com

Tax Planning - Holistiplan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rX8pTfzpiyg){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, New in Holistiplan- Multi Year Roth Projections! - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=rX8pTfzpiyg"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

New in Holistiplan- Multi Year Roth Projections! - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5K48-GrQE6o){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Why So Taxing? Simplify Your Tax Planning Processes with Asset-Map & Holistiplan, youtube.com/watch?v=5K48-GrQE6o"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

Why So Taxing? Simplify Your Tax Planning Processes with Asset-Map &
Holistiplan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.holistiplan.com/k1){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, K-1 Income in Holistiplan, help.holistiplan.com/k1"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.holistiplan.com

K-1 Income in Holistiplan

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://projectionlab.com/financial-terms/early-retirement){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Early Retirement: Strategies for Achieving Financial Independence Sooner - ProjectionLab, projectionlab.com/financial-terms/early-retirement"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://projectionlab.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

projectionlab.com

Early Retirement: Strategies for Achieving Financial Independence
Sooner - ProjectionLab

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://projectionlab.com/financial-terms/retirement-income){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Understanding Retirement Income - ProjectionLab, projectionlab.com/financial-terms/retirement-income"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://projectionlab.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

projectionlab.com

Understanding Retirement Income - ProjectionLab

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.hrlineup.com/maxifi-planner/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, MaxiFi Planner - HR Lineup, hrlineup.com/maxifi-planner"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hrlineup.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

hrlineup.com

MaxiFi Planner - HR Lineup

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.bu.edu/hr/finances/financial-planning-tools/maxifi-planner/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, MaxiFi Standard and MaxiFi Premium | Human Resources - Boston University, bu.edu/hr/finances/financial-planning-tools/maxifi-planner"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.bu.edu/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

bu.edu

MaxiFi Standard and MaxiFi Premium \| Human Resources - Boston
University

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://maxifiplanner.com/retirement-planning-maxifi){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Planning with MaxiFi, maxifiplanner.com/retirement-planning-maxifi"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://maxifiplanner.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

maxifiplanner.com

Retirement Planning with MaxiFi

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.blackrock.com/us/financial-professionals/practice-management/defined-contribution/retirement-tools){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Tools & Resources | BlackRock, blackrock.com/us/financial-professionals/practice-management/defined-contribution/retirement-tools"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.blackrock.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

blackrock.com

Retirement Tools & Resources \| BlackRock

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.salesforce.com/financial-services/personalization/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Personalize Financial Engagement to Build Lasting Relationships | Salesforce US, salesforce.com/financial-services/personalization"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.salesforce.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

salesforce.com

Personalize Financial Engagement to Build Lasting Relationships \|
Salesforce US

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.envestnet.com/financial-intel/iretire-gateway-financial-planning){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, iRetire: The gateway to financial planning - Envestnet, envestnet.com/financial-intel/iretire-gateway-financial-planning"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.envestnet.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

envestnet.com

iRetire: The gateway to financial planning - Envestnet

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.salesforce.com/financial-services/cloud/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Financial Services Cloud - Salesforce, salesforce.com/financial-services/cloud"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.salesforce.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

salesforce.com

Financial Services Cloud - Salesforce

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20151102006327/en/BlackRock-Launches-iRetire%E2%84%A2-to-Provide-Unique-Support-for-Helping-to-Close-the-Retirement-Income-Gap){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, BlackRock Launches iRetire™ to Provide Unique Support for Helping to Close the Retirement Income Gap | Business Wire, businesswire.com/news/home/20151102006327/en/BlackRock-Launches-iRetire%E2%84%A2-to-Provide-Unique-Support-for-Helping-to-Close-the-Retirement-Income-Gap"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

businesswire.com

BlackRock Launches iRetire™ to Provide Unique Support for Helping to
Close the Retirement Income Gap \| Business Wire

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://demandblue.com/salesforce-financial-services-cloud-features/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, 8 New Features of Salesforce Financial Services Cloud - DemandBlue, demandblue.com/salesforce-financial-services-cloud-features"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://demandblue.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

demandblue.com

8 New Features of Salesforce Financial Services Cloud - DemandBlue

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.equisoft.com/products/advisor-crm-connect){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, CRM for Financial Advisors - Equisoft, equisoft.com/products/advisor-crm-connect"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

equisoft.com

CRM for Financial Advisors - Equisoft

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://secure.retireware.com/heritage/mc_pdf.aspx?tempID=xfgr5qpw&language=en-CA&page=planner_report){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Retirement Plan - RetireWare, secure.retireware.com/heritage/mc_pdf.aspx?tempID=xfgr5qpw&language=en-CA&page=planner_report"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://secure.retireware.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

secure.retireware.com

Retirement Plan - RetireWare

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.insurtechexpress.com/equisoft-connect/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Equisoft Connect - insurtechexpress, insurtechexpress.com/equisoft-connect"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.insurtechexpress.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

insurtechexpress.com

Equisoft Connect - insurtechexpress

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://advisor.equisoft.com/products/plan){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Compliant Financial Planning Software - Equisoft, advisor.equisoft.com/products/plan"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

Compliant Financial Planning Software - Equisoft

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.equisoft.com/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Equisoft: Insurance & Investment Software Solutions, equisoft.com"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

equisoft.com

Equisoft: Insurance & Investment Software Solutions

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.salesforce.com/financial-services/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Salesforce Customer 360 for Financial Services | Salesforce US, salesforce.com/financial-services"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.salesforce.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

salesforce.com

Salesforce Customer 360 for Financial Services \| Salesforce US

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.matchmyemail.com/salesforce-financial-services-cloud-objects/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Salesforce Financial Services Cloud Objects Explained - Match My Email, matchmyemail.com/salesforce-financial-services-cloud-objects"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.matchmyemail.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

matchmyemail.com

Salesforce Financial Services Cloud Objects Explained - Match My Email

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://resources.docs.salesforce.com/latest/latest/en-us/sfdc/pdf/financial_services.pdf){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Financial Services Cloud User Guide - Salesforce, resources.docs.salesforce.com/latest/latest/en-us/sfdc/pdf/financial_services.pdf"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://resources.docs.salesforce.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

resources.docs.salesforce.com

Financial Services Cloud User Guide - Salesforce

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://pontera.com/how-it-works){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, How It Works - Pontera, pontera.com/how-it-works"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pontera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

pontera.com

How It Works - Pontera

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pontera-and-orion-launch-new-integration-to-help-advisors-offer-personalized-holistic-investment-solutions-at-scale-302362620.html){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Pontera and Orion launch new integration to help advisors offer personalized, holistic investment solutions at scale - PR Newswire, prnewswire.com/news-releases/pontera-and-orion-launch-new-integration-to-help-advisors-offer-personalized-holistic-investment-solutions-at-scale-302362620.html"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.prnewswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

prnewswire.com

Pontera and Orion launch new integration to help advisors offer
personalized, holistic investment solutions at scale - PR Newswire

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.holistiplan.com/roth-projection-tool){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Roth Projection Tool - Holistiplan Knowledge Base, help.holistiplan.com/roth-projection-tool"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.holistiplan.com

Roth Projection Tool - Holistiplan Knowledge Base

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://help.holistiplan.com/what-is-the-roth-explainer-feature){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, How Does the Roth Explainer Work? - Holistiplan Knowledge Base, help.holistiplan.com/what-is-the-roth-explainer-feature"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

help.holistiplan.com

How Does the Roth Explainer Work? - Holistiplan Knowledge Base

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://projectionlab.com/financial-terms/non-taxible-income){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Understanding Non-Taxable Income - ProjectionLab, projectionlab.com/financial-terms/non-taxible-income"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://projectionlab.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

projectionlab.com

Understanding Non-Taxable Income - ProjectionLab

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://projectionlab.com/financial-terms/required-minimum-distribution-rmd){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Understanding Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) - ProjectionLab, projectionlab.com/financial-terms/required-minimum-distribution-rmd"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://projectionlab.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

projectionlab.com

Understanding Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) - ProjectionLab

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://maxifiplanner.com/roth-conversion-optimizer){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Roth Conversion Optimizer - MaxiFi Planner, maxifiplanner.com/roth-conversion-optimizer"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://maxifiplanner.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

maxifiplanner.com

Roth Conversion Optimizer - MaxiFi Planner

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://projectionlab.com/financial-terms/traditional-ira){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Traditional IRA Explained - ProjectionLab, projectionlab.com/financial-terms/traditional-ira"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://projectionlab.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

projectionlab.com

Traditional IRA Explained - ProjectionLab

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.boldin.com/retirement/maxifi-vs-boldin-which-is-the-better-retirement-planning-tool-for-you/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Maxifi vs Boldin: Which is the Better Retirement Planning Tool for You?, boldin.com/retirement/maxifi-vs-boldin-which-is-the-better-retirement-planning-tool-for-you"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.boldin.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

boldin.com

Maxifi vs Boldin: Which is the Better Retirement Planning Tool for You?

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rbkPASiHEg){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, MaxiFi's Roth Conversion Optimizer with Its Remarkable Ability to Lower Your Lifetime Taxes - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=8rbkPASiHEg"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

MaxiFi\'s Roth Conversion Optimizer with Its Remarkable Ability to Lower
Your Lifetime Taxes - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.morningstar.com/news/business-wire/20250224456168/new-blackrock-survey-shows-one-third-of-americans-have-no-retirement-savings-as-blackrock-bipartisan-policy-center-launch-national-retirement-summit-in-dc){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, New BlackRock Survey Shows One Third of Americans Have No Retirement Savings as BlackRock, Bipartisan Policy Center Launch National Retirement Summit in D.C. | Morningstar, morningstar.com/news/business-wire/20250224456168/new-blackrock-survey-shows-one-third-of-americans-have-no-retirement-savings-as-blackrock-bipartisan-policy-center-launch-national-retirement-summit-in-dc"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

morningstar.com

New BlackRock Survey Shows One Third of Americans Have No Retirement
Savings as BlackRock, Bipartisan Policy Center Launch National
Retirement Summit in D.C. \| Morningstar

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.salesforce.com/ca/products/financial-services-cloud/overview/){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Financial Services Cloud: Asset Management Software & More - Salesforce.com, salesforce.com/ca/products/financial-services-cloud/overview"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.salesforce.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

salesforce.com

Financial Services Cloud: Asset Management Software & More -
Salesforce.com

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://pontera.com/for-recordkeepers){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, For Recordkeepers - Pontera, pontera.com/for-recordkeepers"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pontera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

pontera.com

For Recordkeepers - Pontera

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcsitsQvEhI){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Unlocking Client Wealth with Holistiplan's Roth Conversion Tools | Debra Taylor, CPA, PFS, JD, CDFA® - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=KcsitsQvEhI"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

Unlocking Client Wealth with Holistiplan\'s Roth Conversion Tools \|
Debra Taylor, CPA, PFS, JD, CDFA® - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7q7zJSlYZAs){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, How We're Using ProjectionLab in (Early) Retirement - YouTube, youtube.com/watch?v=7q7zJSlYZAs"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

youtube.com

How We\'re Using ProjectionLab in (Early) Retirement - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://maxifiplanner.com/optimizing-roth-conversions){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, Optimizing Roth Conversions - MaxiFi Planner, maxifiplanner.com/optimizing-roth-conversions"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://maxifiplanner.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

maxifiplanner.com

Optimizing Roth Conversions - MaxiFi Planner

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=k0iEIfMxBEc&pp=ygUOI3JlY3VycmluZ2xhYnM%3D){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, ProjectionLab Review | Financial Planning Software - YouTube, m.youtube.com/watch?v=k0iEIfMxBEc&pp=ygUOI3JlY3VycmluZ2xhYnM%3D"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

m.youtube.com

ProjectionLab Review \| Financial Planning Software - YouTube

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}[[ ]{.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""
test-id="content"}](https://www.blackrock.com/us/financial-professionals/practice-management/defined-contribution/insights/lifetime-income-in-different-markets){.ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627="" target="_blank" rel="noopener"
externallink="" _nghost-ng-c1083202292=""
aria-label="Link to webpage, How guaranteed income holds up across markets - BlackRock, blackrock.com/us/financial-professionals/practice-management/defined-contribution/insights/lifetime-income-in-different-markets"}

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.blackrock.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c65792627=""}

blackrock.com

How guaranteed income holds up across markets - BlackRock

[ Opens in a new window ]{.cdk-visually-hidden .ng-star-inserted
_ngcontent-ng-c1083202292=""}

[]{.mat-mdc-button-persistent-ripple
.mdc-button__ripple}[[Thoughts]{.gds-title-m
_ngcontent-ng-c946486350=""}]{.mdc-button__label}[]{.mat-focus-indicator}[]{.mat-mdc-button-touch-target}
Understanding Competitor Landscape

I\'ve started looking into the financial planning software you
mentioned, such as MoneyGuidePro and eMoney Advisor. My initial focus is
on understanding the core functionalities each platform offers,
particularly in the realm of retirement planning and projecting future
income.
Focusing on Long-Term Projections

A key aspect of my research is to determine if these competing products
provide long-term spend-down projections, ideally extending beyond 30
years. I\'m also trying to understand if they incorporate various income
sources like tax-qualified assets, required minimum distributions,
non-tax-qualified assets, Social Security income, and passive income in
their projections, as this is a core feature of The Roadmap.
Next Steps: Deeper Feature Analysis

My next step involves a more in-depth analysis of each competitor. I
plan to investigate their specific features related to long-term
financial planning, identify their target audience, understand their
pricing structures, and look for any available reviews or comparisons
that might highlight their strengths and weaknesses, especially
concerning long-term projections and tax planning capabilities.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/lamda/images/immersives/google_logo_icon_2380fba942c84387f09cf.svg){.google-icon
.ng-tns-c3826255167-154 _ngcontent-ng-c3826255167=""}

Researching websites

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneyguidepro.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

moneyguidepro.com

Frequently Asked Questions - Envestnet \| MoneyGuide - Financial
Planning Software

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

WealthTrace\'s retirement planning software

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Retirement Planning Considerations for Clients at Every Career Stage -
eMoney Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneyguidepro.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

moneyguidepro.com

Envestnet \| MoneyGuide - Financial Planning Software

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ifa.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

ifa.com

Exploring Right Capital: An Enhanced Financial Planning Tool \| Index
Fund Advisors, Inc.

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Financial planning education and software for employers and their
employees - WealthTrace

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

The Changing Face of Retirement Planning Strategy - eMoney Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneyguidepro.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

moneyguidepro.com

Platform - Envestnet \| MoneyGuide - Financial Planning Software

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

rightcapital.com

2024 in Review: RightCapital\'s Most Exciting Enhancements

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

The Best Retirement Planning Strategies - WealthTrace

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://content.emaplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

content.emaplan.com

Plans: Retirement Income Overview - eMoney Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://victorywealthpartners.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

victorywealthpartners.com

MoneyGuidePro - Victory Wealth Partners of NJ

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

rightcapital.com

Modern Features for Today\'s Financial Advisors - RightCapital

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Retirement Planning & Financial Planning Software

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneyguidepro.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

moneyguidepro.com

Financial Planning Software - Envestnet \| MoneyGuide

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Frequently Asked Questions - eMoney Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Retirement Analysis - RightCapital Help Center

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

WealthTrace Planning Software Features-v2

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

eMoney Advisor: Home

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Retirement - RightCapital Help Center

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://online.naviplancentral.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

online.naviplancentral.com

Retirement Objectives

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://investcloud.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

investcloud.com

NaviPlan Features - InvestCloud

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

8 Steps When Preparing for Retirement \| Edelman Financial Engines

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=http://www.advicentsolutions.net/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

advicentsolutions.net

Fixed Expenses and Fixed Needs in Retirement - NaviPlan

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Retirement Planning Services \| Edelman Financial Engines

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://investcloud.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

investcloud.com

NaviPlan Home - InvestCloud

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Retirement Spending \| Edelman Financial Engines

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://keymanagementgrp.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

keymanagementgrp.com

Naviplan Vs. MoneyGuide Pro - Key Management Group

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Financial Planning Services \| Edelman Financial Engines

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.boeingbenefits.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

boeingbenefits.com

Financial Well Being - Boeing Benefits

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://defcomp.nv.gov/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

defcomp.nv.gov

Morningstar® Retirement ManagerSM Get a Retirement Strategy.

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar Retirement Manager

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar® Retirement ManagerSM Frequently Asked Questions

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar Retirement Manager

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar Retirement Manager Help Center
Initial Feature Overview

I\'ve gathered initial information on the key features of MoneyGuidePro,
eMoney Advisor, RightCapital, Morningstar Retirement Manager, Financial
Engines, NaviPlan, and WealthTrace, specifically focusing on their
retirement planning capabilities. This gives me a broad understanding of
what each product offers in this area.
Identifying Key Areas for Comparison

I\'m now concentrating on finding out if these platforms offer detailed
long-term spend-down projections that include various income sources
like different asset types, Social Security, and passive income, similar
to The Roadmap. Understanding how they handle tax implications in these
projections is also a priority.
Further Investigation Planned

To get a clearer picture, I will now investigate each product\'s website
more thoroughly and conduct targeted searches for specific features like
long-term income projections and tax planning tools. I also plan to look
for reviews and comparisons to understand how these products are
perceived in the market, particularly in relation to comprehensive
retirement income planning.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/lamda/images/immersives/google_logo_icon_2380fba942c84387f09cf.svg){.google-icon
.ng-tns-c3826255167-154 _ngcontent-ng-c3826255167=""}

Researching websites

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneyguidepro.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

moneyguidepro.com

Financial Planning Software - Envestnet \| MoneyGuide

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

rightcapital.com

7 Differences Between RightCapital and MoneyGuide in 2024

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

Retirement Solutions and Money Guide Pro - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneyguidepro.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

moneyguidepro.com

Envestnet \| MoneyGuide - Financial Planning Software

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.toolsformoney.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

toolsformoney.com

Review of MoneyGuidePro Financial Plan Software. - Tools for Money

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.moneyguidepro.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

moneyguidepro.com

Frequently Asked Questions - Envestnet \| MoneyGuide - Financial
Planning Software

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

reddit.com

Is Money Guide Pro actually a good tool? : r/CFP - Reddit

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

Retirement Planning Analysis - Money Guide Pro - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://go.moneyguide.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

go.moneyguide.com

Tax Planning Strategies for Retirement - MoneyGuidePro

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://soundmindinvesting.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

soundmindinvesting.com

Will Your Retirement Nest Egg Last? How to Use MoneyGuide to Find Out

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.gwsa.us/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

gwsa.us

MoneyGuideElite --- GWS&A

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.kubera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

kubera.com

eMoney vs. MoneyGuidePro: Battle of the Financial Advisor Software -
Kubera
Strengths, Weaknesses, and Next Steps

MoneyGuidePro seems to excel in goal-based planning and Monte Carlo
analysis. However, some users find its interface outdated, and its tax
planning capabilities might be less comprehensive than alternatives. It
also appears to have limitations in managing pre-retirement cash flow.
My next step for MoneyGuidePro is to specifically investigate whether it
supports SSI and passive income and to try and get a clearer
understanding of its pricing model.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/lamda/images/immersives/google_logo_icon_2380fba942c84387f09cf.svg){.google-icon
.ng-tns-c3826255167-154 _ngcontent-ng-c3826255167=""}

Researching websites

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

eMoney Advisor: Home

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Cash Flow-based Financial Planning for All Client Life Stages - eMoney
Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ifa.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

ifa.com

Exploring eMoney: Enhancing Your Financial Planning Experience

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Client Support - eMoney Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.deptagency.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

deptagency.com

Featured work: eMoney mobile app design & development - DEPT®

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.bankrate.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

bankrate.com

25 Passive Income Ideas To Make Extra Money In 2025 \| Bankrate

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Preparing Your Business for Subscription-based Financial Planning -
eMoney Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://info.flourish.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

info.flourish.com

Flourish Annuities announces eMoney enhanced integration

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

How One Advisor Went Viral on Social Media

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

reddit.com

Emoney Planning Question : r/CFP - Reddit

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.xyplanningnetwork.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

xyplanningnetwork.com

Choosing the Right Financial Planning Software for Your Practice:
RightCapital vs. eMoney

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://content.emaplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

content.emaplan.com

Creating a Retirement Analysis - eMoney Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.getapp.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

getapp.com

eMoney Advisor Pricing Plan & Cost Guide \| GetApp 2025

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Frequently Asked Questions - eMoney Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Finding Your Fee for Financial Planning as a Service - eMoney Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

How to Engage with Prospects and Clients in a Digital-first
Environment - eMoney Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.kitces.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

kitces.com

How Advisors Pay For #FinTech And Why It Matters: Cost Of Revenue Vs
Overhead

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.walkme.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

walkme.com

eMoney Advisor - WalkMe

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://blog.emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

blog.emoneyadvisor.com

SPOUSAL BENEFITS - New Social Security Features with emX - eMoney
Advisor Blog

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Services and Support - eMoney Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://content.emaplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

content.emaplan.com

Social Security Disability Benefits - eMoney Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

eMoney Tip of the Week #6 Inputting Social Security - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

eMoney Tip of the Week #7 Presenting Social Security Options - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Most Comprehensive Set of Planning Capabilites - eMoney Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

Helping Clients Navigate Retirement with Cash Flow Planning - eMoney
Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://wealth.emaplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

wealth.emaplan.com

Your Personalized Retirement Calculator - eMoney Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.cpaacademy.org/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

cpaacademy.org

TAX FEATURES & CAPABILITIES IN EMONEY ADVISOR\'S - CPAacademy.org

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

The Value of Cash Flow Planning Across all Life Stages - eMoney Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://emoneyadvisor.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

emoneyadvisor.com

5 Tax Planning Tips for Advisors to Consider by Year-End - eMoney
Advisor

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.getapp.ca/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

getapp.ca

eMoney Advisor Reviews, Prices & Ratings \| GetApp Canada 2025

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

rightcapital.com

7 Key Differences Between RightCapital and eMoney in 2024

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.trustradius.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

trustradius.com

Compare eMoney Advisor vs Envestnet Platform 2025 \| TrustRadius

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.trustradius.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

trustradius.com

eMoney Advisor Reviews & Ratings 2025 - TrustRadius
eMoney Advisor Insights

I\'ve learned that eMoney Advisor provides long-term retirement
projections and includes Monte Carlo analysis. It can handle various
retirement income sources and different types of assets. The platform
also has robust tax planning features, including modeling for strategies
like Roth conversions. It seems to be a comprehensive tool used by many
financial professionals.
Remaining Questions for eMoney

However, I still need to confirm if eMoney Advisor specifically supports
Social Security Income (SSI) and if its \'miscellaneous income\' feature
explicitly allows for modeling passive income. I also want to find out
more about its pricing structure, as it appears to vary.
Next Focus: RightCapital

Having gained a better understanding of eMoney Advisor, I will now shift
my focus to researching RightCapital to compare its features and
capabilities with the other platforms and with The Roadmap.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/lamda/images/immersives/google_logo_icon_2380fba942c84387f09cf.svg){.google-icon
.ng-tns-c3826255167-154 _ngcontent-ng-c3826255167=""}

Researching websites

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

rightcapital.com

RightCapital: Make Financial Planning a Breeze.

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Retirement Analysis - RightCapital Help Center

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

Answering the Most Asked Questions on RightCapital\'s Retirement
Analysis - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Income - RightCapital Help Center

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.cbinsights.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

cbinsights.com

RightCapital - Products, Competitors, Financials, Employees,
Headquarters Locations

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.softwareadvice.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

softwareadvice.com

www.softwareadvice.com

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://leadiq.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

leadiq.com

RightCapital Company Overview, Contact Details & Competitors - LeadIQ

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.softwareadvice.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

softwareadvice.com

RightCapital Software Reviews, Demo & Pricing - 2025

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.saasworthy.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

saasworthy.com

RightCapital Pricing: Cost and Pricing plans - SaaSworthy

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

Why This Advisor Says Choosing RightCapital is a "No-Brainer" - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

rightcapital.com

RightCapital Pricing -- Flexible Options

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

rightcapital.com

2024 in Review: RightCapital\'s Most Exciting Enhancements

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pitchbook.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

pitchbook.com

RightCapital 2025 Company Profile: Valuation, Funding & Investors \|
PitchBook

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.getapp.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

getapp.com

RightCapital 2025 Pricing, Features, Reviews & Alternatives - GetApp

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.xyplanningnetwork.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

xyplanningnetwork.com

Choosing the Right Financial Planning Software for Your Practice:
RightCapital vs. eMoney

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

Technology is Separating Advisors. It Could IMPACT You. - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Social Security Retirement Income - RightCapital Help Center

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

Presenting a Plan to a Pre-Retiree \| RightCapital 101 - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Savings - RightCapital Help Center

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Spouse Social Security Income - RightCapital Help Center

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

rightcapital.com

Introducing an Advisor with a 100% Retention Rate with RightCapital
Clients

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

rightcapital.com

7 Differences Between RightCapital and MoneyGuide in 2024

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ifa.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

ifa.com

Exploring Right Capital: An Enhanced Financial Planning Tool \| Index
Fund Advisors, Inc.

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

Social Security Optimization Module - Training Video - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

rightcapital.com

Modern Features for Today\'s Financial Advisors - RightCapital

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Social Security Optimization Module - RightCapital Help Center

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Other Income - RightCapital Help Center

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

RightCapital Introduces Tax Analyzer, OCR Technology to Read Tax Returns
in Seconds and Identify Tax-Smart Opportunities \| Morningstar

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Tax Strategies - RightCapital Help Center

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.accessnewswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

accessnewswire.com

RightCapital Announces Tax Strategy Module, Generating Optimal
Tax-Adjusted Portfolio Values with One-Click - ACCESS Newswire

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

rightcapital.com

7 Key Differences Between RightCapital and eMoney in 2024

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Social Security Retirement Income - RightCapital Help Center

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Annuity Income Stream - RightCapital Help Center

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.rightcapital.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.rightcapital.com

Retirement - RightCapital Help Center

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.trustradius.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

trustradius.com

RightCapital Reviews & Ratings 2025 - TrustRadius

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

Modeling the Most Common Retirement \'What-If\' Scenarios within
RightCapital - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

RightCapital\'s Retirement Analysis Module - YouTube
RightCapital\'s Capabilities

My investigation into RightCapital reveals that it offers long-term
retirement projections, extending beyond 30 years, and utilizes Monte
Carlo simulations to assess the likelihood of success. It appears to
support various income sources relevant to retirement, including Social
Security and pensions. While it has a general category for \'Other
Income\' which could include passive income, I haven\'t found explicit
mention of specific features for modeling different types of passive
income or SSI.
Tax and Target Audience

RightCapital provides strong tax planning features, such as tools for
tax-efficient withdrawals and Roth conversion modeling. It\'s primarily
designed for financial advisors and offers a tiered subscription-based
pricing model that seems relatively affordable compared to eMoney
Advisor.
Further Investigation for RightCapital

To complete my understanding of RightCapital, I still need to confirm if
it specifically supports the inclusion of Social Security Income (SSI)
in its projections and if it has dedicated features for modeling various
types of passive income. My next step is to research Morningstar
Retirement Manager.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/lamda/images/immersives/google_logo_icon_2380fba942c84387f09cf.svg){.google-icon
.ng-tns-c3826255167-154 _ngcontent-ng-c3826255167=""}

Researching websites

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar Retirement Manager \| Morningstar

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Retirement - Morningstar

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

What\'s a Safe Retirement Spending Rate for 2025? - Morningstar

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://defcomp.nv.gov/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

defcomp.nv.gov

Morningstar® Retirement ManagerSM

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://mybusiness.ascensus.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mybusiness.ascensus.com

Morningstar® Retirement ManagerSM - Ascensus Financial Professional
Website

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar Retirement Manager Help Center

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://smartasset.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

smartasset.com

Morningstar Investment Management Review \| SmartAsset.com

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://newsroom.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

newsroom.morningstar.com

Morningstar Retirement Launches New Morningstar Model of US Retirement
Outcomes

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar Retirement Manager

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar® Retirement ManagerSM Frequently Asked Questions

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar \| Empowering Investor Success

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar Retirement Manager

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://investor.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

investor.morningstar.com

Empowering Investor Success - Morningstar

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Empowering Investor Success - Morningstar

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.tiaa.org/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

tiaa.org

Find out more about Retirement Plan Portfolio Manager - TIAA

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar Retirement Manager

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Retirement Services for Savers and Investors \| Workplace - Morningstar

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Taxes - Morningstar

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

How to Retire: Prioritize Tax Planning in Retirement - Morningstar

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://iricouncil.org/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

iricouncil.org

Morningstar Retirement Manager with Income Secure Product Fact Sheet

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Maybe You Shouldn\'t Delay Taking Your Social Security Benefits After
All \| Morningstar

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Morningstar\'s Retirement Income Research: Reevaluating the 4%
Withdrawal Rule

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

How Retirees Can Determine a Safe Withdrawal Rate in 2025 - Morningstar

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Retirement Income Planning Playbook for Financial Advisors - Morningstar

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Retirement Plan Landscape Report Summary - Morningstar

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://defcomp.nv.gov/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

defcomp.nv.gov

Morningstar® Retirement ManagerSM Get a Retirement Strategy.

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://moneywise.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

moneywise.com

Morningstar Review 2024: Perfect for Value Investors \| Moneywise

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

reddit.com

Thoughts on Morningstar inc and their recommendation :
r/personalfinance - Reddit

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

reddit.com

Charles Schwab 401k managed through Morningstar. Can I trust it? -
Reddit

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

Debunking Five Myths About Managed Accounts - Morningstar
Morningstar\'s Retirement Focus

I\'ve found that Morningstar Retirement Manager focuses on long-term
retirement income projections and helps determine sustainable withdrawal
rates, even using simulations to assess income sufficiency. It considers
Social Security and allows for inputting other income like pensions and
annuities. While it touches on tax-efficient investing, it seems more
geared towards investment advice within retirement accounts.
Remaining Questions for Morningstar

However, I still need to confirm if Morningstar specifically handles
Social Security Income (SSI) and allows for detailed modeling of various
types of passive income. It\'s also unclear if it generates the kind of
detailed year-by-year spend-down tables over a long period that The Roadmap
aims to provide.
Next Steps: Financial Engines

To continue building a comprehensive comparison, I will now turn my
attention to researching Financial Engines to understand its approach to
retirement planning and how its features align with the other products
I\'ve examined so far.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/lamda/images/immersives/google_logo_icon_2380fba942c84387f09cf.svg){.google-icon
.ng-tns-c3826255167-154 _ngcontent-ng-c3826255167=""}

Researching websites

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Retirement Planning Services \| Edelman Financial Engines

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

reddit.com

Edelman Financial Engines SWR too high? : r/Bogleheads - Reddit

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://smartasset.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

smartasset.com

Nearing Retirement? This New 401(k) Program Provides Hands-on Investment
Management - SmartAsset

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Retirement Spending \| Edelman Financial Engines

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

businesswire.com

Edelman Financial Engines Releases New Report Analyzing 20 Years of
401(k) Managed Account Data, Innovation, and Trends - Business Wire

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://smartasset.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

smartasset.com

Edelman Financial Engines Review \| SmartAsset.com

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.unbiased.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

unbiased.com

www.unbiased.com

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://moneywise.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

moneywise.com

Edelman Financial Engines Review 2024 \| Moneywise

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

What are the \'Financial Engines\'?

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://aon.mediaroom.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

aon.mediaroom.com

Financial Engines & Aon Hewitt Find 401(k) Participants Who Use
Professional Help Are Better Off Than Those Who Do Not

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

How do financial advisors make money?

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

How To Build Generational Wealth \| Edelman Financial Engines

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Edelman Financial Engines: Financial Advisors

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.unbiased.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

unbiased.com

Edelman Financial Engines Review - unbiased.com

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.dol.gov/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

dol.gov

Yes. Since 1998, Financial Engines has provided online advice to
individuals in defined

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.avinc.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

avinc.com

Check in With Your Future

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Active vs. passive investing - Edelman Financial Engines

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://demos.voyacdn.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

demos.voyacdn.com

Social Security Calculator - Voya Financial

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ssa.gov/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

ssa.gov

A Comparison of Free Online Tools for Individuals Deciding When to Claim
Social Security Benefits - SSA

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Tax Planning Insights \| Edelman Financial Engines

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Tax Planning Services \| Edelman Financial Engines

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

businesswire.com

Edelman Financial Engines Finds Nearly Half of Americans Admit They Just
"File and Forget it" When it Comes to Taxes and Financial Planning -
Business Wire

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

14 Tax Saving Strategies to Minimize Your Expenses - Edelman Financial
Engines

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.edelmanfinancialengines.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

edelmanfinancialengines.com

Your Essential Tax Planning Checklist \| Edelman Financial Engines

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.unbiased.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

unbiased.com

Fisher Investments vs. Edelman Financial Engines - Unbiased

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://myfrs.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

myfrs.com

Will I have enough money in retirement? How does it work? - MyFRS

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://legaldocs.financialengines.io/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

legaldocs.financialengines.io

Methodology and Assumptions About Your Information

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

Should i invest with Edelman Financial Engines & Ric Edelman - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

reddit.com

Experience with Edelman Financial Engines services? : r/portfolios -
Reddit
Financial Engines Overview

I\'ve learned that Financial Engines assists users with retirement
planning by analyzing their assets, income, and savings to project their
financial future. While a mention on Reddit suggests 30-year
projections, the official website doesn\'t explicitly confirm this or
detail their spend-down capabilities. They do consider income and
savings, including Social Security benefits, but specific handling of
non-tax-qualified assets, SSI, or passive income isn\'t clear from the
initial information.
Tax Planning and Target Audience

Financial Engines offers tax planning as part of its wealth management
services, focusing on forward-looking strategies. Their services cater
to a broad audience, from individuals to employees of companies offering
it as a benefit, including both non-high-net-worth and high-net-worth
clients.
Pricing and Key Considerations

Their pricing follows a fee-only model based on assets under management,
with fees ranging from 0.20% to 1.75% annually and a \$5,000 household
minimum for individual plans. While they are a well-established firm
with a strong presence in employer-sponsored plans, their fees might be
higher than some alternatives, and some reviews raise concerns about
performance and customer service.
Next Steps: NaviPlan Analysis

To continue my comparison, I will now investigate NaviPlan to understand
its features and how it approaches retirement planning in relation to
the other platforms I\'ve researched.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/lamda/images/immersives/google_logo_icon_2380fba942c84387f09cf.svg){.google-icon
.ng-tns-c3826255167-154 _ngcontent-ng-c3826255167=""}

Researching websites

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://ca.naviplancentral.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

ca.naviplancentral.com

Insurance Coverage Scenarios - NaviPlan

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://ca.naviplancentral.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

ca.naviplancentral.com

Private Corporations - NaviPlan

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://clearlake.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

clearlake.com

INVESTCLOUD ACQUIRES ADVICENT AND THE NAVIPLAN PLATFORM

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=http://www.advicentsolutions.net/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

advicentsolutions.net

NaviPlan - Retirement Goal Coverage Calculations

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=http://www.advicentsolutions.net/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

advicentsolutions.net

Investment portfolio and mutual funds - NaviPlan

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.trustradius.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

trustradius.com

NaviPlan by Advicent Pricing 2025 - TrustRadius

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://investcloud.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

investcloud.com

NaviPlan Products - InvestCloud

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://ca.naviplancentral.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

ca.naviplancentral.com

Cash Flow - NaviPlan

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://online.naviplancentral.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

online.naviplancentral.com

Retirement Objectives

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://snapprojections.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

snapprojections.com

Snap Projections vs. NaviPlan

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://online.naviplancentral.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

online.naviplancentral.com

Assumptions

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.toolsformoney.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

toolsformoney.com

Review of NaviPlan Financial Plan Software. - Tools for Money

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.investopedia.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

investopedia.com

Planning Retirement Using the Monte Carlo Simulation - Investopedia

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://keymanagementgrp.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

keymanagementgrp.com

Naviplan Vs. MoneyGuide Pro - Key Management Group

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.prweb.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

prweb.com

NaviPlan® Update Introduces Progress Planning and Enhanced Reporting -
PRWeb

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://wealthtechtoday.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

wealthtechtoday.com

4 Top Financial Planning Software Apps for Advisors - - WealthTech Today

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://investcloud.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

investcloud.com

NaviPlan Home - InvestCloud

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

NaviPlan® from Advicent - comprehensive financial planning application -
YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.financial-planning.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

financial-planning.com

NaviPlan architect seeks to bring fresh AI-powered software to U.S.
advisors: Wealthtech Weekly - Financial Planning

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://awgmain.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

awgmain.morningstar.com

Advicent\'s NaviPlan Integration Overview

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://online.naviplancentral.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

online.naviplancentral.com

Retirement Scenarios: Social Security

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

businesswire.com

InvestCloud Rolls out 80 New Features for NaviPlan by InvestCloud,
Further Positioning the Solution as North America\'s Top Financial
Planning Software for Wealth Clients

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://online.naviplancentral.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

online.naviplancentral.com

Cash Flow

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ssa.gov/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

ssa.gov

Supplemental Security Income (SSI) Living Arrangements - SSA

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=http://www.advicentsolutions.net/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

advicentsolutions.net

Using Fixed Income Streams in Retirement - NaviPlan

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.trustradius.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

trustradius.com

Compare NaviPlan by Advicent vs eMoney Advisor 2025 - TrustRadius

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.ssa.gov/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

ssa.gov

Supplemental Security Income (SSI) - SSA

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.trustradius.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

trustradius.com

Compare NaviPlan by Advicent vs RightCapital on TrustRadius \| Based on
reviews & more
NaviPlan\'s Retirement Focus

I\'ve found that NaviPlan treats retirement as a specific financial goal
and can identify potential savings shortfalls. It allows for setting
retirement dates based on age or a specific date and can model expenses
that change over the retirement period. It also considers various
retirement income sources and assets allocated towards retirement goals.
Tax and Target Users

NaviPlan offers advanced tax planning features and is designed for large
financial institutions and financial professionals. It\'s known for its
detailed planning capabilities, especially in cash flow and goal-based
planning, and allows for customized reports. However, it might require
more data input and has a steeper learning curve compared to some other
tools.
Remaining Questions for NaviPlan

I still need to confirm if NaviPlan specifically supports Social
Security Income (SSI) and allows for detailed modeling of various types
of passive income. I also want to understand if it can generate the
detailed year-by-year spend-down tables over a 30+ year period that
The Roadmap aims to provide.
Next Steps: WealthTrace Research

To continue my market comparison, I will now focus on researching
WealthTrace to understand its key features and how it compares to the
other financial planning software I\'ve looked into.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/lamda/images/immersives/google_logo_icon_2380fba942c84387f09cf.svg){.google-icon
.ng-tns-c3826255167-154 _ngcontent-ng-c3826255167=""}

Researching websites

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Retirement Planning Software \| Financial Planning Software

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://ezragroup.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

ezragroup.com

Is WealthTrace the Right Financial Planning Software for You? - Ezra
Group LLC

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Comprehensive & Detailed Retirement Calculator

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Frequently Asked Questions About WealthTrace

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://smartasset.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

smartasset.com

Top Financial Planning Software Program Options for 2024 - SmartAsset

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

WealthTrace Webinar December 2024 - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.wordstream.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

wordstream.com

12 Illuminating Real-World Target Audience Examples \| WordStream

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

The BEST DIY Retirement Software? A CFP® Reviews New Retirement. -
YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.sumydesigns.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

sumydesigns.com

Understand Your Target Audience for Small Business Websites - Sumy
Designs

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

WealthTrace Webinar November 2024 - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://slashdot.org/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

slashdot.org

WealthTrace Reviews - 2025 - Slashdot

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Financial Planning Software Prices Section

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Social Security Maximization Strategies - WealthTrace\'s retirement
planning software

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

How to Use WealthTrace - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://mchenrychamber.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mchenrychamber.com

Target Audiences and Buyer Personas are Both Important for a Successful
Marketing Strategy! - McHenry Area Chamber of Commerce

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Social Security: Later Can Be Better - WealthTrace\'s retirement
planning software

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.adobe.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

adobe.com

How to Determine Your UK Target Audience \| Adobe Express

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

WealthTrace Plan Settings - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

WealthTrace Planning Software Features-v2

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Tool to Estimate Your Social Security Payments \| WealthTrace

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://support.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

support.mywealthtrace.com

Social Security And Pensions - WealthTrace Planner Knowledge Center

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Social Security Already Dipping Into The Trust Fund - WealthTrace\'s
retirement planning software

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Financial Planning Tools and Retirement Calculators \| WealthTrace

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Personal Financial Planning Software For Individuals

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Financial Planning Software For Advisors

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Average Income in Retirement

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

WealthTrace Financial & Retirement Planner Home Screen - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

WealthTrace Personal Testimonials

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

How To Run Retirement Income Scenarios \| WealthTrace

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

The Best Retirement Planning Strategies - WealthTrace

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://slashdot.org/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

slashdot.org

Top WealthTrace Alternatives in 2025 - Slashdot

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://eggstack.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

eggstack.com

Best Retirement Planning Software - Eggstack
WealthTrace Capabilities

I\'ve discovered that WealthTrace provides long-term retirement
projections and allows for tracking investment performance and fees. It
uses Monte Carlo simulations for probability of success and considers
various income sources like Social Security, pensions, and annuities. It
also handles different account types and includes tax planning features,
such as accounting for federal and state taxes and required minimum
distributions.
Target Audience and Pricing

WealthTrace is designed for both individual consumers and financial
advisors. They offer different pricing tiers, with individual plans
being more affordable than the advisor-focused plan. It seems to be
recognized for its accuracy in projections due to its detailed
investment holding analysis.
Further Investigation Needed

While WealthTrace appears to be a comprehensive tool, I still need to
confirm if it specifically supports Social Security Income (SSI) and if
it offers dedicated features for modeling various types of passive
income. I also want to verify if it can generate detailed year-by-year
spend-down tables over a 30+ year period.
Next Research Focus

Having now examined all the financial planning software initially
provided, my next step is to broaden my search to identify other similar
products that are specifically marketed towards insurance agents and
wealth management specialists and offer retirement income planning
tools.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/lamda/images/immersives/google_logo_icon_2380fba942c84387f09cf.svg){.google-icon
.ng-tns-c3826255167-154 _ngcontent-ng-c3826255167=""}

Researching websites

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.netguru.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

netguru.com

Best Insurance Agency Accounting Software for 2025 - Netguru

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.investopedia.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

investopedia.com

The Best Retirement Planning Apps - Investopedia

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.investopedia.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

investopedia.com

Top 5 Financial Planning Software Tools Used by Financial Advisors -
Investopedia

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.blackrock.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

blackrock.com

BlackRock\'s Retirement Income Planning Tool

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.mywealthtrace.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

mywealthtrace.com

Retirement Planning Software \| Financial Planning Software

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pontera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

pontera.com

Pontera \| Financial Advisor Software for 401k Management

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://maxifiplanner.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

maxifiplanner.com

Smarter Personal Financial and Retirement Planning Software

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://projectionlab.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

projectionlab.com

ProjectionLab - Modern Financial & Retirement Planning Tools

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.salesforce.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

salesforce.com

Best Insurance Agency Management & Brokerage Software \| Salesforce US

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Holistiplan \| Award-Winning Software for Estate, Insurance, and
Scenario Planning.

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

equisoft.com

Software Solutions For Insurance Agents & Brokers - Equisoft
Exploring New Competitors

I\'ve identified several additional financial planning tools that could
be relevant to your market comparison. These include Holistiplan, which
focuses on tax planning, Equisoft/plan, which caters to insurance
advisors, and Salesforce Financial Services Cloud, a CRM with financial
planning features. I also found BlackRock\'s iRetire, MaxiFi,
ProjectionLab, and Pontera, each with their own specific areas of focus
within retirement and financial planning.
Prioritizing Key Research

To effectively compare these new entrants with The Roadmap, I need to
understand their retirement income planning features, their ability to
handle long-term projections (30+ years), and their support for various
income sources like tax-qualified and non-tax-qualified assets, SSI, and
passive income. Knowing their target audience and pricing will also be
important for a comprehensive comparison.
Next Steps: Targeted Research

I will now begin researching Holistiplan and Equisoft/plan in more
detail, as they appear to be the most directly relevant to the insurance
and wealth management sectors. My goal is to gather information on their
specific features related to retirement income planning and long-term
projections, similar to the data I collected for the initial list of
competitors.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/lamda/images/immersives/google_logo_icon_2380fba942c84387f09cf.svg){.google-icon
.ng-tns-c3826255167-154 _ngcontent-ng-c3826255167=""}

Researching websites

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

Equisoft advisor plans and pricing

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

Equisoft: Advisor Focused Insurance & Investment Software Solutions

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.newswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

newswire.com

Unlocking Estate Planning for the Mass Affluent: Holistiplan\'s
Groundbreaking 2025 Launch

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

equisoft.com

Financial Planning Software for Advisors - Equisoft

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Comprehensive Financial Planning Software \| Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

equisoft.com

Financial Planning Software for Advisors - Equisoft

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Pricing - Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Financial Planning and Analysis software - Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.getapp.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

getapp.com

equisoft/connect 2025 Pricing, Features, Reviews & Alternatives - GetApp

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.kitces.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

kitces.com

Holistiplan\'s Fee Increase Sparks Competition From FP Alpha And
RightCapital (And More Of The Latest In Financial #AdvisorTech --
February 2025) - Kitces.com

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

reddit.com

Holistiplan Replacement : r/CFP - Reddit

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Marketing for Financial Advisors: 3 Tips for Creating Personalized
Content - Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.reddit.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

reddit.com

Holistiplan Price Going WAY Up? : r/CFP - Reddit

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Free Financial Planning Software \| Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Individual Financial Planning Software - Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Financial Planning Software for Individuals - Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://t3technologyhub.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

t3technologyhub.com

Holistiplan \| t3 Technology Hub

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Retirement Financial Planning Software \| Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

Acquisition, Retention, & Cross-sell: A Guide for Financial Advisors -
Equisoft

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

Content Marketing Tips for Financial Advisors Looking to Capture
Magnetic Leads - Equisoft

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Holistiplan \| Award-Winning Software for Estate, Insurance, and \...

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

3 Ways to Convert more Prospects to Clients Using Equisoft/connect

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

Social Media Marketing Basics for Financial Advisors \| Equisoft

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

equisoft.com

Pension Investment & Retirement Plan: What are they? \| Equisoft

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

equisoft.com

Pension Investment & Management Software \| Formerly Altus Products -
Equisoft

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

equisoft.com

Wealth & Investment Management Software Solutions - Equisoft

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

equisoft.com

Software Solutions For Insurance Agents & Brokers \| Equisoft
Holistiplan\'s Tax Focus

I\'ve learned that Holistiplan is primarily focused on tax, insurance,
and estate planning. While it can model different financial scenarios,
it\'s not immediately clear if it offers the detailed retirement
\*income\* planning features, like the 30+ year spend-down table with
various income sources (including SSI and specific passive income
modeling) that The Roadmap provides.
Equisoft/plan\'s Advisor Features

Equisoft/plan appears to be a financial planning software designed for
advisors, offering features such as personalized plan creation, needs
analysis, retirement planning, and cash flow visualization. It can
calculate retirement needs projections, which suggests it handles
long-term aspects, but I still need to confirm if it supports the
specific income sources and the 30+ year projection detail that The Roadmap
offers.
Further Investigation Needed

To get a clearer understanding, I will now delve deeper into the
specific retirement income planning capabilities of both Holistiplan and
Equisoft/plan. I need to confirm if they support detailed 30+ year
projections, the inclusion of SSI, and specific modeling for various
types of passive income. I also plan to briefly look into the other
newly identified products to assess their relevance.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/lamda/images/immersives/google_logo_icon_2380fba942c84387f09cf.svg){.google-icon
.ng-tns-c3826255167-154 _ngcontent-ng-c3826255167=""}

Researching websites

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Frequently Asked Questions - Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.holistiplan.com

How Do FICA Taxes Show Up in Holistiplan?

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pontera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

pontera.com

Pontera for financial advisors

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.prnewswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

prnewswire.com

Pontera and Hightower to deliver enhanced financial advice through
secure, seamless management of client 401(k)s - PR Newswire

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Retirement Financial Planning Software \| Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pontera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

pontera.com

For Retirement Savers - Pontera

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Holistiplan \| Award-Winning Software for Estate, Insurance, and \...

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.holistiplan.com

What are the different sections on a Tax Report? - Holistiplan Knowledge
Base

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Tax Planning - Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

New in Holistiplan- Multi Year Roth Projections! - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

Why So Taxing? Simplify Your Tax Planning Processes with Asset-Map &
Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.holistiplan.com

K-1 Income in Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Free Financial Planning Software \| Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Financial Planning Software for Individuals - Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://projectionlab.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

projectionlab.com

Early Retirement: Strategies for Achieving Financial Independence
Sooner - ProjectionLab

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://projectionlab.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

projectionlab.com

ProjectionLab - Modern Financial & Retirement Planning Tools

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://projectionlab.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

projectionlab.com

Understanding Retirement Income - ProjectionLab

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.hrlineup.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

hrlineup.com

MaxiFi Planner - HR Lineup

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.bu.edu/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

bu.edu

MaxiFi Standard and MaxiFi Premium \| Human Resources - Boston
University

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://maxifiplanner.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

maxifiplanner.com

Retirement Planning with MaxiFi

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.blackrock.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

blackrock.com

BlackRock\'s Retirement Income Planning Tool \| BlackRock

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.blackrock.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

blackrock.com

Retirement Tools & Resources \| BlackRock

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.salesforce.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

salesforce.com

Personalize Financial Engagement to Build Lasting Relationships \|
Salesforce US

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.envestnet.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

envestnet.com

iRetire: The gateway to financial planning - Envestnet

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.salesforce.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

salesforce.com

Financial Services Cloud - Salesforce

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.businesswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

businesswire.com

BlackRock Launches iRetire™ to Provide Unique Support for Helping to
Close the Retirement Income Gap \| Business Wire

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

Equisoft advisor plans and pricing

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://demandblue.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

demandblue.com

8 New Features of Salesforce Financial Services Cloud - DemandBlue

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

equisoft.com

Financial Planning Software for Advisors - Equisoft

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

equisoft.com

Financial Planning Software for Advisors - Equisoft

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

equisoft.com

CRM for Financial Advisors - Equisoft

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://secure.retireware.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

secure.retireware.com

Retirement Plan - RetireWare

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.insurtechexpress.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

insurtechexpress.com

Equisoft Connect - insurtechexpress

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

Compliant Financial Planning Software - Equisoft

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

equisoft.com

Pension Investment & Retirement Plan: What are they? \| Equisoft

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

equisoft.com

Equisoft: Insurance & Investment Software Solutions

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.salesforce.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

salesforce.com

Salesforce Customer 360 for Financial Services \| Salesforce US

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pontera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

pontera.com

Pontera \| Financial Advisor Software for 401k Management

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://maxifiplanner.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

maxifiplanner.com

Smarter Personal Financial and Retirement Planning Software
Unique Spend-Down Table

My continued research into potential competitors like Holistiplan,
Equisoft/plan, Salesforce Financial Services Cloud, BlackRock iRetire,
MaxiFi, ProjectionLab, and Pontera suggests that none of them explicitly
offer the comprehensive 30+ year spend-down table that The Roadmap is
designed to produce. This table, with its detailed breakdown of
tax-qualified assets, RMDs, non-tax-qualified assets, SSI, and passive
income, appears to be a distinctive feature.
Tax and Advisor Focus

While some platforms like Holistiplan focus on tax planning and others
like Equisoft/plan are designed for insurance advisors, their specific
capabilities in generating detailed long-term retirement \*income\*
projections with the granularity of The Roadmap are not evident from my
current findings.
Next Steps: Final Confirmation

To solidify this understanding, I will conduct a final round of targeted
searches focusing on the specific functionalities of each of these newly
identified platforms. I will be looking for explicit mentions of
long-term spend-down projections, SSI support, and detailed passive
income modeling to confirm if The Roadmap\'s approach offers a unique
advantage.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/lamda/images/immersives/google_logo_icon_2380fba942c84387f09cf.svg){.google-icon
.ng-tns-c3826255167-154 _ngcontent-ng-c3826255167=""}

Researching websites

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pontera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

pontera.com

Pontera \| Financial Advisor Software for 401k Management

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://projectionlab.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

projectionlab.com

ProjectionLab - Modern Financial & Retirement Planning Tools

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Holistiplan \| Award-Winning Software for Estate, Insurance, and
Scenario Planning.

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.blackrock.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

blackrock.com

BlackRock\'s Retirement Income Planning Tool

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://maxifiplanner.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

maxifiplanner.com

Smarter Personal Financial and Retirement Planning Software

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.matchmyemail.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

matchmyemail.com

Salesforce Financial Services Cloud Objects Explained - Match My Email

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://resources.docs.salesforce.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

resources.docs.salesforce.com

Financial Services Cloud User Guide - Salesforce

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

Equisoft advisor plans and pricing

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pontera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

pontera.com

How It Works - Pontera

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

holistiplan.com

Retirement Financial Planning Software \| Holistiplan

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.prnewswire.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

prnewswire.com

Pontera and Orion launch new integration to help advisors offer
personalized, holistic investment solutions at scale - PR Newswire

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.holistiplan.com

Roth Projection Tool - Holistiplan Knowledge Base

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://help.holistiplan.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

help.holistiplan.com

How Does the Roth Explainer Work? - Holistiplan Knowledge Base

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pontera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

pontera.com

Pontera for financial advisors

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://projectionlab.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

projectionlab.com

Understanding Non-Taxable Income - ProjectionLab

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://advisor.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

advisor.equisoft.com

Compliant Financial Planning Software - Equisoft

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

equisoft.com

Financial Planning Software for Advisors - Equisoft

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://projectionlab.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

projectionlab.com

Understanding Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) - ProjectionLab

![Icon of the
website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://maxifiplanner.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

maxifiplanner.com

Roth Conversion Optimizer - MaxiFi Planner

![Icon of the
website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://projectionlab.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

projectionlab.com

Traditional IRA Explained - ProjectionLab

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.boldin.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

boldin.com

Maxifi vs Boldin: Which is the Better Retirement Planning Tool for You?

![Icon of the
website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

MaxiFi\'s Roth Conversion Optimizer with Its Remarkable Ability to Lower
Your Lifetime Taxes - YouTube

![Icon of the
website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.morningstar.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon
_ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

morningstar.com

New BlackRock Survey Shows One Third of Americans Have No Retirement
Savings as BlackRock, Bipartisan Policy Center Launch National
Retirement Summit in D.C. \| Morningstar

![Icon of the website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.salesforce.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon _ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

salesforce.com

Financial Services Cloud - Salesforce

![Icon of the website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon _ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

equisoft.com

Wealth & Investment Management Software Solutions - Equisoft

![Icon of the website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.blackrock.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon _ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

blackrock.com

Retirement Tools & Resources \| BlackRock

![Icon of the website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.salesforce.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon _ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

salesforce.com

Financial Services Cloud: Asset Management Software & More -
Salesforce.com

![Icon of the website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pontera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon _ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

pontera.com

For Retirement Savers - Pontera

![Icon of the website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://pontera.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon _ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

pontera.com

For Recordkeepers - Pontera

![Icon of the website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon _ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

Unlocking Client Wealth with Holistiplan\'s Roth Conversion Tools \|
Debra Taylor, CPA, PFS, JD, CDFA® - YouTube

![Icon of the website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon _ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

youtube.com

How We\'re Using ProjectionLab in (Early) Retirement - YouTube

![Icon of the website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://maxifiplanner.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon _ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

maxifiplanner.com

Optimizing Roth Conversions - MaxiFi Planner

![Icon of the website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.envestnet.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon _ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

envestnet.com

iRetire: The gateway to financial planning - Envestnet

![Icon of the website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://maxifiplanner.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon _ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

maxifiplanner.com

Retirement Planning with MaxiFi

![Icon of the website](https://t2.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://m.youtube.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon _ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

m.youtube.com

ProjectionLab Review \| Financial Planning Software - YouTube

![Icon of the website](https://t3.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.blackrock.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon _ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

blackrock.com

How guaranteed income holds up across markets - BlackRock

![Icon of the website](https://t1.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.salesforce.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon _ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

salesforce.com

Salesforce Customer 360 for Financial Services \| Salesforce US

![Icon of the website](https://t0.gstatic.com/faviconV2?url=https://www.equisoft.com/&client=BARD&type=FAVICON&size=256&fallback_opts=TYPE,SIZE,URL){.favicon _ngcontent-ng-c337565605=""}

equisoft.com

Equisoft: Insurance & Investment Software Solutions Unique Feature Set

My final investigation indicates that while many financial planning tools offer retirement projections, none seem to provide the specific combination of features that The Roadmap offers. The detailed 30+ year spend-down table, which includes tax-qualified assets, required minimum distributions, non-tax-qualified assets, Social Security Income, and passive income, appears to be a unique offering.  Tax and Advisor Focus

Although some platforms specialize in tax planning or are designed for insurance advisors, I haven\'t found any that explicitly generate a long-term retirement \*income\* projection with the level of detail that The Roadmap aims to provide, especially regarding SSI and various asset types alongside RMDs.  Proceeding to Analysis

Having reached a point where I\'ve gathered comprehensive information across all the areas I\'ve researched, I will now move forward to compile a comparative analysis report based on these findings.
